Great app. Just wish toggling between map and table layout was easier. I dislike the Table+Map layout since half the screen is shared for each. If only there was a quicker method to switch between these two layouts. 4 out of 5 stars for now..
It works pretty good i like it. simple to use,gives pretty clean description of where,when,and distance. Also notifies me of anything happening with in my set milage area..
I love this app. I am not someone that understands earthquakes and volcanoes, but knowing an earthquake could happen close to me, I would want to know so I can run for higher areas. Thanks for a real time quake alert..
I failed to see the fix you suggested for my previous complaint, so I uninstalled it for a couple months. Missed my oh-so-impressive bonnnng notifications though-- especially that 6.0, so I had to reinstall last week. So far, so good. In fact, now it's so accurate I had to up my criteria from 4.5 to 5.0 to get some peace and quiet!.
The sound notification should have an option for long playing alarm like sound. Just a cling or a single beep does not provide help..
Seems pretty accurate, I use 2 different apps and this one seem to ping 20 seconds prior..
This app is fairly reliable and I recommend it. However I did receive a scare when a 6.6m was reported in my area. I looked in the log and no 6.6m was listed. It was 4.5m. I live Puerto Rico where we have had some pretty strong quakes. Many years ago on Xmas eve we had a 5.4m quake. It shook my house cracked a cement wall, knocked pictures and object off shelves and me out of a chair. It was a frightening experience. Reliable info is essential in quake zone. I was contacted it was clear up Thanks.
So far so good. I live in an earthquake area prone to big & little quakes & shocks. I like being able to track them a little better..
So this app has been giving me all kinds of updates except for the quake or aftershock I actual felt still had to go on Facebook as my friends knew before me where the quake was. Still no ridgecrest quake or aftershock listed. So for me this is goodbye I shouldn't find my info from friends on Facebook when I have this app. I wonder what app they're using..
I like the clear detail of the maps and information provided..
One of the best earthquake apps. You can choose your region, country, and choose whether to show quakes in your region, your country, or worldwide, and notify from a degree & upper. Unfortunately we do not have pre-earthquake notification system in Iran & this app helps a lot..
Good graphics and info. Only one source which is turning political USGS. They hide or distort almost as many as they show. Site is good for the data they are allowed..
So far I enjoy this app. Very nicely done and I was able to use it for keeping track of earthquakes around the world without any issues. Thanks again for your nice work,...yours Keith Vernon Lewis.
It's fine I guess but I can't figure out how to make it show me only earthquakes near me. I don't want to see ones in Alaska or Turkey, I don't live there. I have gone through every setting but it still shows me ones around the world in the list..
Great App. But every time that it updates, the setting need to be redone. It will be a full 5 stars if you can be able to set more than one country or area at once..
We had an earthquake, a 5.3 and you couldn't find it in the news yet. I went to Google and downloaded the app and in under 10 minutes, I knew where it was and how strong! Now I don't have to wonder, just look at My Earthquake Alert!.
It seems to be working much better than other earthquake apps I have tried. The specifications I have put in have been dead on.
App works great, runs smooth and doesn't lock up. Notifications are quick and accurate..
I like the app but do have a problem with the map layouts..
Would like to be able to set the time of how far back the reported quakes stay in the app's memory such as a day, week, month etc..
It's great app I check every day about earthquake. I downloaded in my Samsung S10+ and Samsung TAB S6, too. I reccomend to everyone to use this app..
Very Good and Reliable But update is very Slow.
I wish the map display was from a button rather than taking up room on the list..
Seems to work alright. I do get a lot of notifications sound since installing. I may delete..
Love hearing when there as been an earthquake..
Accurate app! I especially like the notification of local quakes. Thanks for developing it!.
Easy to use, convieniant for keeping track of curant activity around the clock and around the planet..
Like how it pops up when an earthquake happens and like that I can choose where and the level of the earthquake..
Doesn't even alert when it's set to alert! Thanks for nothing! Uninstalling now.
Easy use and have everything i need to know. Highly recommend. Want to share but couldnt find the share button..
Updated regularly, easy to navigate and understand the information..
Amazing to see earthquakes happening everyday and, considering I live in South Georgia, that they are occurring even in Tennessee as I always knew there was a large fault up under Tennessee. Thanks for making this app. ud83dudc4dud83dudc4dud83dudc4d.
Very pleased. Adverts aren't intrusive. Able to personalize settings to my needs..
Too many small earthquakes take up too much of the page. I prefer an earthquake site that three cords 3.0 and over..
Excellent. The only improvement would be to see a full screen map..
This app is awesome but there a few things need to be fixed some time it will not let you use this app.
Accurate info. Verified and actualized very quickly. Excellent app.
Accurate and on time. Great help for me. I work at a Marina..
Receiving alert from different area global awesome!.
Trying to set this thing up and stay set up has been very annoying !!!.
It reports events very quickly and accurately..
Had another app and it stopped working, installed this one and it's better than the one I had before...great app!!!.
Better than the other one I had. Only wish it showed more of the ones closest to me.
Excellent application, always true and timely..
Easy to use and the information/map is great. Thank you.
Good , with some delays . How can we set a louder alarm ?.
Great app, does exactly what it is supposed to do..
Fastest updates on earthquake, very good app..
Worth the notifications. Gives you everything you need to know and more..
It is AMAZING. IT WORKS INSTANTLY. Love it 10/10 u2764.
Very easy to understand and relate to..
Great way of finding out about earthquakes all over the world. Most importantly, I want to know about quakes near me. My house creaked a few minutes ago and the app automatically informed me..
Good app. Fast info..
Reliable with lots of customizations. I downloaded the app because we had a 5.6 earthquake in our area and the aftershocks were making me nuts. I couldn't tell if it was just in my head or if they were really happening. The app is able to give you data globally and customize it down to just within a hundred miles of your region. You can determine whether or not you receive alerts and for the intensity of the event alerted for. Very versatile and reliable app..
Reports for timely and informative..
I love this app since recently experiencing earthquakes in our area. Sometimes my alert will go off before or as I feel the quake. We have experienced 60 + aftershocks. I recently realized where we live is considered Quake County so this app helps a lot. I would like the ability to use it like a social network for others who have felt the quake in my area. A call out for help or a marked safe tool if you will. Other than that it's a great app..
Easy interface and accurate..
I have had a few different earthquake apps & so far I like this one the best!.
Looks like it could have some good features but ads cover all the buttons at bottom. So basically you can only see 1 screen which doesn't even work right. When you have it pull up your area off your location settings the pins on the map show where and how many earthquakes have happened near you, yet below the map the listing doesn't correspond with your location and display earthquake details all over the world. Why doesn't it show the earthquakes details near you? Useless.
Well, I didn't think I'd need an app like this and then we had an earthquake a couple days ago, which was my first one I have actually noticed. And now I can keep an eye on where the aftershocks are and how bad they are, especially when I can feel them. The only thing that could improve it maybe is by being able to say Yes, I felt that within a certain distance/level ratio..
Fast and easy access to the info I want..
Great appu203cPrecise and exactly tell you when is shakingu203c.
The timing seems to be off for Puerto CSTthe alerts are helpful especially for road traffic on Hwy. 2 along coast..
Maps times and measures quakes and info updates quick.
Pretty quick to notify. Would be nice to have it more interactive. See past (30 days) quakes and show the wave and intensity of the affected area..
The best of the earthquake apps and I live in earthquake country..
Can't filter results list.
This has been a great app since the earthquake we had recently. However, the notifications will say one amount and then when I look again, it changes. It also takes a few minutes after the aftershocks to get notified. Other than that, it's been helpful..
Quick , precise and simple..
I was in my first earthquake 3 days ago. And I was at my doctors office getting all my meds filled incase they wanted to lock us down during the pandemic. After the 5.3 earthquake I put this app on my phone. And it has let me know everytime we have an aftershock. I love this app.
Did like this but a very recent earthquake in my state, about 3 hours away, was reported on TV some time ago and has not shown up on this app yet. Looked at settings. I should be getting everything but obviously is not..
Just got this, after a 6.5 quake nearby. So far I love it! Had tried another, but it was confusing. Tried this next. Much easier to track the quakes, and the alerts have been spot on this far. Thank you!.
Like the Cat staying in doorway every time it rings. A2.
Love the settings part of this app. You can tell it to notify you of close earthquakes, earthquakes over 2.5, etc. Gives you the actual location, how deep the earthquake was, etc. Had been a great app..
Very usefull in places that impacts with earthquakes.
The update is not on real time, it updates fast when you download. But if you don't upgrade it, then the update is on about a 24 HR cycle. Just go to USGS site and know when the earthquake really hits and real information..
I love it tells the depth of each quake.
I like it . it seems to w o rk pretty good and easy to use.
Great app that provides local alerts.
This app has been the best I have ever used. It lets me know as soon as anything happens close to me and the list of earthquakes around the world is phenomenal. Thank you for being so helpful!.
Spend the few bucks to get the Pro version. I like getting the notifications for local earthquakes without having to see the entire world. Great app!.
Very detailed map of locations and data re:time/date of quake..
Alerts do not sound..
This app is so cool i wanted to be a seismology EVER since when i was in 3rd garde so thank you so much for this app..
I prefer my state info and it gives me info around the world even after changing settings.
Sucks but i still use it, it lags. I dont get notifications until 3 or 4 hours later. I need to find a much better one..
Works well, easy to set up..
Really fast info about any movement near me..
I have 3 different apps for the earthquakes and this is one of the fastest to let you know that an earthquake just took place. Grat app. Thank you for such app.
Great app. Practically up to the moment earthquakes that happened anywhere in the world..
So far really like this app! Works great..
After experiencing a 5.6 earthquake, this app has been great with relatively real time updates on detected aftershocks..
So far so good. Waiting to see what happens on its next update, to see if it will crash on me. But for now, works great!.
Good for seeing up-to-date info. Wish there were more sorting options. Historic views on map would be nice..
Very pleased. Anza had numerous earthquakes which scared us as didn't know where originated. Once downloaded app it alerted us to where EQ originated!.
If there was a way to tell it to only show the earthquake data on the ones that are in view on the map that would be nice..
I love how it will show exactly where the quake happened. And it alerts me at the moment it's happening.
Good app, it would be better if I could watch just for some country, in a day, for example..
Set the notification range to local but still get alerts on quakes 500 miles away. Wish I could set a mileage range.
Love knowing how close the seismic activity is to me.
Impressed with app. I tried changing the minimum quake to 4.0, but lower quantities still show..
Very usefull you can set what you want to be notified and how..
Accurate and easy to use. Can filter for your area..
Utah quake March 18, 2020 (Rated 5.7 @ 7:09 am) prompted me to download this app. It has been so interesting to see the specs on each of the following aftershocks and now we are much more accurate on guessing the Richter measurement of each shake :) pretty cool stuff! We are in South Jordan Utah. App works great! All measurements are sent via text after each event..
It is pretty decent, update times can lag on reporting, but accurate..
Amazing to see how often the earth shakes-- I have never paid much attention before getting this app!.
Seems to be pretty informative, but its slow to report sometimes....
It keeps me alert of whats going on. Thanks.
Would like map area to be bigger..
GREAT !! the first time I found an app accurate. Love it..
Just wish it would update quicker. But it has been good and accurate..
Its important to me this app but sometimes its a little late maybee in a future its goin to be more acuate like dog ho scream before the earthquake.
Awesome App... gets real time data and is accurare!.
Does everything I could want!!! Very user friendly. Bob Born.
alerts are accurate to real time events.
Works good wish you could view by city but other than that it's amazing.
Would be nice to be able to have a option to View a larger area..
So far it's real..and I really like that it shows stuff in real time..love it ud83dude04ud83dude00.
Thank goodness for this app. I know I'm not just paranoid. Salt Lake City , Utah is shaken like crazy. COVD-19 and earthquakes. Life is crazy....
Dont know if i should give it 5 stars or 1 only due 2 my fear of earthquakes, was in the northerage earthquake in 1994, that day has frightened me 2 this day as im now 34 & have a 4 yr old who doesnt mind them as much as i do, but this app does help, i get an allert like 3 mins after the quake, you can adjust the settings to what size quake you'd want it 2 allert you for, mines set at 3.0 or higher & i feel even the 2.0 ones, great app, just dont want it to go off, im better then the app!!!!.
I have always been in awe of earthquakes, having spent a few years in the ring of fire. I like keeping up to date on them..
Fast responce. You can adjust your alert settings. Im keeping this app..
Great app. Timely alerts. Clean interface..
Awesome app! Very informative and accurate..
Used it through the 2018 eruption. Liked the map..
Everytime I open it I have to set the settings I want. Keeps going back to whole world setting. Frustrating..
So far soo good I have been able to track almost immediately all the earthquakes here in Salt lake city, Utah and where they happened.
It takes a while to get the warning, sometimes I get it 1 hour later..
Great handy app to have , works good.
Love the real time alerts.
It seems to be very thorough..
Very fast response to nearby activity..
Its a bit slow.after the quake happen it takes 10 minutes ..
I LOVE IT!! KEEPS ME ALERT. TY FOR THIS AMAZING APP..
It is a good app. Fairy accurate..
Decent app....works great!!.
Easy to use and loaded with information..
Good app to help keep up with current happenings.
Since I live right the epicenter I am very happy that I installed it as it keeps me informed..
Great app for all season.
We needed something like this. Very useful..
Cool little app when your tracking your region..
Great app gives good data and accurate too.
Great informative, easy to use app.
So far so good. It does take a few minutes to report but it provides the info I need..
Not receiving notifications..
Quick, up to the moment updates on earthquake activity..
It delivers data in real time..
Great way of keeping track..
Change your graphics suck you can do better than this.
I like it works as it is supposed to do so..
Really helpful. My country had a 6.4 earthquake in the middle of the night and I knew I had to download an app quick so I found this and it helped me by seeing how strong the earthquake was and the after shock earthquakes happend for a whole month and more. Thank you for helping me in the worst situations.
Updates faster than any of the other earthquake apps.
Very happy to have this, for it has kept me informed of the earthquake activity in Puerto Rico. It has been trembling nonstop there since December 28, 2019 and with this app, I know exactly when and how strong. It's pretty quick too with its alerts though sometimes I have noticed that some notifications are a few minutes late. You can go into the settings and fix the app to fulfill your personal needs or wants. For example, I live in TX but I'm currently only recieving notices from PR..
I find this app very useful and quick to report. If I had to give any feedback on improving I would really appreciate to see a earthquake reporting system and the the map a little bigger(a 1/3 ratio would be perfect). But the map does not in any way impact on the useful and informative nature of this app. If you live or travel in a earthquake zone this app is essential..
Nice app, informative.
Very Good. Would like it to be faster because of the proximity of our house to the sea. In case of any Tsunami in my area, 5 minutes or less would be great. An inmediate preliminar with the place of the earthquake, in my case Puerto Rico, on the North of the island, the south, the east, the west or the town. Shakes are felt over all the Island. Thanks.
Wish I could see the Caribbean region... Seems dumb that the regions are by continent instead of by tectonic plate. Also why is it so hard to read the time the quakes occurred? In the morning I'm basically unable to see. This is the best quake app I have found after much looking but it still leaves much to be desired..
This app is great, the biggest problem is you can't depent on it. As we living these earthquake situation in Puerto Rico. I have calculated the timing in warnings it's 5 min behind the earthquake. 5 min is a very long time in these situation. January 11 2020 we had 32 earthquake. I wouldn't depend my life on it. There are others that post magnitude alot faster than earthquake alert..
Good app to stay informed about earthquakes in your area or the whole world. I see people complaining about the time it takes for the notification to appear, please don't expect it to give you a warning before or during the occurence of the earthquake, it will take between 1 and 10 minutes (some times much more) for the alert to appear in your phone..
Poor date range... looks like made up info.. cartoons.. CGI.. not real.. words & Stories covering Real map & info & visual clue as to real man made earthquakes.. like 1000s in one location.. starting & stopping multiple earthquakes in areas Never having earthquake before.. should be easy to see these patterns...
Great app!!! The alert came 10-15 minutes later. If somehow it can be reduce to 5 minutes later it would be perfect, but I understand register the earthquake take a few minutes. But is a great and detailed app. Thanks for bring us this important information..
I downloaded the app because in Puerto Rico we have been having a lot of earthquakes. The first few day it worked perfectly, everytime there was some activity nearby it would send a notification. Now we have had 2 6.0+ magnitude quakes and we don't get any sort of notification until some 10 to 15 minutes after..
Love it. Ads are small and not annoying. I set notifications for anything over 7. But deeper in you can set a separate minimum magnitude to display when you have actually opened the app. I have mine set at 5. I can't think of anything not to like!.
The response time between the insident and notification is great. ud83dudc4du2696ufe0f I understand that this add in not intend to be a early warning/ predicting system, it's for informative use only. On the other hand, I am not happy that I'm receiving only information from the Guanica/ Guayanilla South sector of Puerto Rico . I live in the North/West part of the island and I'm feeling earthquakes that are not register by this abb. What if it where a virus ud83dude37 alert can I depend on you? ud83eudd7a.
Seems to be working fairly good, relatively simple and easier to use than other similar apps. Audio and visual notifications are active. I like the way screen notifications stack up, and not replaced one after another, no way to miss anything ! Can a variable Map Zoom (+/-) be added ? Thanks !.
It keeps me up to date with a seismic activity that is going on in our area right now..
Very helpful. Thank you for making this appud83dude42I reccommend this to everyone! It shows you the exact time when the earthquake happened,the magnitute (of course),how many kilometers deep in Earth,and if it had caused any damage or not. Amazing appud83dudc4cud83cudffb.
Good alert app for earthquakes. I am from Puerto Rico where there is a high activity these last couple of weeks. I put a limit on scale for notify me. The only cons are that you always see the earthquake around the globe in the home section and when a quake change category it may have you an alert of something that already past. Beside that I like that you have the coordinates and depth of each earthquake. Recommend it..
I like the detailed maps and precise information but it would be better if you would classify the states on an alfabetacal order. In order to avoid scrolling down to find the state. It's time consuming and stressful at that. Otherwise it's a great application. Thank you..
Love it. I am wondering what UTC means for time...suggest 24 hour format. I got an alert at 1700 for a tembler that happened 01:03:23 UTC. A zero in front of a 1 in time keeping is easily known to be 1am since i see no am/pm and only UTC. Change to proper 24hr time format and i give 5u2606u2606u2606u2606u2606's. I gave 5 stars after learning what UTC was..
Good information ud83dudc4d easy to use..
Mom is in Puerto Rico and after hearing they had a 6.4 earthquake on Tuesday, I downloaded this app to get a better understanding of what she's experiencing and just how often, since the earthquakes haven't stopped. I like that you can set it up to a specific area as well. Great app..
Very good . I check everyday 3 times a day.
It shows the hour in US time not the actual time of our region, so it gets confusing specially being in a nerve recking situation of an earthquake, the program should give us a way to adjust the time for our area. We receive the info like a few min after it occurs, too much for a life and death situation it be best if we could receive it instantly as it is shaking..
It is a good app but I cant figure out how to look for the area I want, not the whole world. I saw where you can set it to look for what you want, but then nothing happens. Si I just have to zoom in on the area I want and still see the ling list of everywhere else..
Have been getting notifications from USGS for years for world-wide events. But downloaded this alerts to monitor the seismic activity in PR . Love the map, the depth and detail (felt etc). But slow in getting notifications. I wouldn't depend on it if I lived Oceanside at all due to this delay..
Up to at least a 15 min delay in notification of seismic activity. I have also found a few degrees difference in Richter Scale Magnitude report. Overall a good app to keep track of seismic activity in Puerto Rico..
The notifications aren't always fast, sometimes it tells me after 10 mins have pass. But, it is always the right information on my location and worldwide. The best app I have used so far..
Having some problems after fb asked me if I wanted to share app w/them and they would take the ads off; I would not agree & resetted my phone. Got rid of the app and redownloaded, resetted again and my app either won't notify or won't show correct order or configure correctly! ud83dude12.
Very accurate. Great job on app..
good and safe , thanks !.
Fairly accurate & informative. Keeps Me somewhat on alert as to what is going on with My loved ones... in the event of a projected Natural Emergency..
Easy to read and use..
It's a really good app, if you live in a country that there's an earthquake category 5+ every 10 minutes, then this app is for you. is fast, precise and easy to use!!, Thanks creator for doing such a good app!!! :)).
I was very impressed with this app. It became very useful now that PR, my country of origin, has been hit with so many earthquakes. I have been able to monitor all activities in and around the island as well as seismic activities around the world..
Not too shabby. Does what's advertized..
Excellent App, the only thing is that the alarm sound 5 minutes or more late, not save any life but tell you that an eathquake happens and if you live close to the beach an sunami can happen in any time..
So far it is okay and quick but I hope it will always run like this because this is my third earthquake app and the other two used to be good too but later they stopped running..
I like this app because it gives the info about the quakes. I was wondering if it would just beep when it was in my area. Other than that the app works wonderful. Thanks..
Except for the beautiful pictures of the island that when selected, never open, the app is the best. Keep it simple and basic, please. Juan Rodriguez, EE that loves programming. San Juan PR.
It's pretty reliable and you can set your preferences. The only drawback, for me, is that the response is kind of slow. Otherwise, it provides good info..
All as expected, everything working as it should, but dont like being pressured into rating when I have only just begun to use it! A couple of weeks use first would be more appropriate!.
Great notifications I just wish they were more accurate in which we receiving them. Closer to the time it has happened. More rapid alerts..
Great app, has all the information at your fingertips. I like it so much I am buying the PRO app to remove ads and get a few new features. Since the play store charges the developer 30% off the sale I will support a great developer. I know I will buy his other apps as well. The selection of other apps is great, and come from a developer who supports and actually responds to comments and suggestions. Classic play store vendor, will show all my friends about his apps. BTW I'm not related ud83dude01.
why am I getting notifications for under the minimum magnitude I set in settings of 4.0 and up. maybe it needs fixing. I will up to 5 stars if notifications for under the minimum go away..
The app is all right it is just some times does alert you from earthquake & the hour display is not correct one, I will love to purchase app but until those bugs are not fix I won't purchase!!! Hope it could be fix thanks!!!.
This app does send alerts for earthquakes, but is not as customizable as I would like it to be..
This app is AWESOME. I don't leave ratings for apps but this one is an exceptional one. It is accurate and the notifications are spot on. THANK YOU!!!!!!!!!.
Fast and accurate updates.
Love knowing quickly when earthquakes happen..
Its a very good app but the notifications have quite a delay. It's been trembling in PR almost every 1 to 2 hrs and the notification is being received almost 10mins later....
This app has been invaluable in tracking the severity and location of recent tremors in my area. It's precise and the data is updated within minutes of the event..
Very good. Takes some minutes to show activity in your area and sometimes have to adjust the previous results..
If it's a 4.0+ and 100 miles - it can be felt. Good rated..
I am impressed with this app, as it gives readings of where the earthquakes are and lets you know who felt it. This app is worth trying..
no issues works well.
tremendous application is exactly what I was looking for to monitor the earthquakes in PR I am very satisfied and I am recommending it to my friends.thanks for your help since it is totally free..
I really love this app it's very accurate.
Just installed a couple of days ago following our notable 7.0 earthquake in Alaska last week. Install and setup was easy with the many filter settings allowing the notifications to be customized by vicinity, magnitude and many other parameters. I set my threshold at 3.0 with a silent notification so it's not making a noise every every 2 to 3 hours, which seems to be the frequency of the aftershocks! Great app!.
The app seems good but i wish i could set it in such a way to only see the earthquakes in my country and not all over the world..
Leaving GPS on drains batteries. Needs to remember last location of the phone. Most people stay in a 10 to 50 mile radius of their homes/work. That isn't good for immediate reporting, you can turn off that function, but would allow people to get info for recent quakes. Needs to better filter out earthquakes not near me. It is not easy to 'look up' possible quakes. USGS has a good option, could be an idea to start. Great concept. I can't use it because I won't leave in my Loc function..
Great app. I live in Puerto Rico and this application was recommended after the earthquake we have in the island. thanks for this application. ud83dudcaf recommend..
Here in Puerto Rico we are having Earthquakes every day and moment since 12/28/19 and this application is awsome couse it keeps you aware of every movement the earth is doing. Am realy glad me and my family have it in our cell phones. Thanks for giving it free..
Good app it help in this time of earthquake.
Love this app, it is very accurate.
Accurate & reliable.
I love that you can personalize it. I would love if it would also give you tsunami alerts if the earthquake is too strong in the area..
Excellent earthquake notification app. It is user-friendly and quickly indicates the epicenter of the quake..
It's incredible! I did not know how many countries around the world are experiencing these earthquakes. Our world is constantly moving. Love this app..
Works pretty good. Need to make strength of quakes different color. Making it easier to read.
The report is always late 20 to 30 minutes after the event..
Good for basic notifications only. Needs to have ability to set multiple alarms. I want to be notified of lesser magnitude quakes in my area and greater worldwide. Also a setting for specific radius for near me. I don't need to know of every 3.0 in California but would be interested in them in the Puget Sound area. Tried the Pro version but same choices. Otherwise, good basic info app..
it's a okay app. I don't like how the map works. It clumps all the earthquakes together when you zoom out. But other than that a few other little things it's okay. I will still use my Volcano and Earthquake app a lot more. It also doesn't show enough detail about the earthquakes, like depth and so on..
Super fast and accurate warnings WHEN IT WORKS. I eventually had to uninstall as the warnings did not work properly and I am in a active earthquake area so kinda crucial.ud83dude25.
Excellent app, we are experiencing an earthquake in January 7 and thousands of after quakes. We need a good source of information..
It's a very useful app, you can monitor the earthquakes in your country. It gives notification when there's an earthquake near you, so far it's a very very good app.
This app tells you the lower magnitude of earthquakes and some apps didn't. its also easier to use than some apps. you can opt to get alerts with every earthquake or turn that setting off. there are also more detailed settings auch as recieving notifications for only higher magnitude earthquakes and stuff like that..
I have no problems with this app. I have it set to notify me of any 5.0 and above earthquakes and it works great! I can see the list of quakes that are below 5.0 but I do not get any sound notifications because I have set it up that way. Works exactly as I want it to. I love it and highly recommend it!.
Had the app about a week, only just today got my first notification, minimal info. It's possible that's all USGS provides Devs, so that feature may not be their fault. I just want an app that will give me more info and more earthquakes in the specific zones I'm interested in, and not just those over 4.5 or 6.0, this one can't do that. To be fair I have not found one app of this type worth keeping. Again, could just be lack of good info from USGS. Thanks for trying Devs..
Timely and detailed. Very informative and precise. Good, quick reference at the moment..
Very reliable and good app.
At moments like this that we are living in Puerto Rico of non stop daily earthquakes for so many days now, this app has been helpful at least to know all the details in a matter of minutes after.
Sometimes alerts take about 5 minutes after the earthquake. But it's a good app with a lot of details..
Very helpful but I'm 100% sure about is accuracy. Also I believe that it could be much more user friendly..
Love this app. If you're interested in world wide earthquakes you'll love this app. Never crashes, it's awesome..
Does a great job at keeping you informed on the quake and haven't had to deal with too many ads.
It's a great app, but they need to check the name of some cities because they are not that accurate in location..
It is easy to use and gives warnings when a tremor occurs, although sometimes it is not very accurate..
Living in EARTHQUAKE RAVAGED PUERTO RICO! We shake almost every single hour. App comes in handy. I know that you have to wait for magnitude information from the USGS and UPRM Seismic Center. I back up this app with several other EARTHQUAKE app..
It sends me notifications of quakes in a timely manner of my area and I can also see the quakes in other parts of the world. Great app!.
Great little app for us to use during the aftershocks we are experiencing following a really intense shaking. We can follow along as the intensity diminishes..
UPDATE: I took the dev's advice, and now I can see the map view in all forms. Thanks for quick response! Since last update, it seems it's now only the normal map view, and no longer satellite, hybrid or terrain views. What happened?.
It takes too long to register earthquakes, as if in, there was an earthquake now, the app would take about two or three minutes to register the earthquake.
Notifications are on point, really amazing and super easy to navigate through the app and see all the earthquakes around the world..
Awesome app. Helps me a lot keeping track of what is going on in Puerto Rico. Very helpful..
Very easy to use. Full of important information about when, where, and magnitude..
It provides whitin 5 minutes information related to the tremor that happenned in the country/area you want to monitor. You can set the map to normal, satellite or elevaciu00f3n, the same way as Google map.
Easy to use. For me it's way too many options to choose from. A less complicated app would be awesome..
Notifications are very quick and accurate. Using it to monitoring Puerto Rico's earthquake..
Should have an option to see just your specific area in order to better have an idea of what is happening quicker..
Update: In further checking, notifications have not come in very quickly. Was just using app and had a pop-up about a quake from my town that happened 2 hours ago. Also, saw several more in the list that happened before I went to bed, but they were not on the list when I looked last night. :(.
Needs to improve in notifications , i got a notification after 10 mins after of a 6.0 quake . not good and it should have tsunami alerts.
I have tried it with the frequent tremors in Puerto Rico, and it works very well. The delay in showing the results is approximately 90 seconds..
This app is great helps me keep eye on friends in other areas that seem to have a lot of earthquakes..
Excellent application. This tell you where or how small or big was the earthquake. Now puerto Rico since Dicember hasn't stop shaking..
It looks like it takes some time to transmit the alert, but its very good..
This has been great these last few days since the, 7.0 we had on 11/30. In the past, I didn't care if what I felt was a small earthquake. Now, I track all of the latest earthquakes. It won't stop them, and I know future quakes can't be predicted. It just with over 1400 aftershocks, you hold onto anything, even thinking I know what's going on..
Its such a good app!! It alerts me the earthquakes at range and duration!! I personaly love it!!!.
Love this app, thank you..!.
This is a great app but as some others have said Alaska should be it's own region. Not only because how big it is but how many earthquakes we have. This app is great though and a lot faster than others like it..
User friendly. I like the fact that I am able to select the regions and magnitude to filter..
Great app, provides detailed information on eartquakes only minutes after they occur....
It is helpful. I have Puerto Rico as the country of preference so it warns me of earthquakes in the area. But it also shows all earthquakes in all countries, which I don't need. The earthquake warning is received about 15 - 20 minutes after the event..
You can configure this app to generate notifications to your specific interest area and also it let you adjust the magnitude of the event you want to be notified..
It's one of the most accurate app I haved ever experience. It help a lot of people on real time earthquakes. Do recommend for everyone..
Good. But it is not making sound on my Motorola cell phone during alert notifications..
Prefer how it performs on an iPhone versus Android. The Iphone allows for more filters for selection..
It shows me the one that happens at the moment. When looking at list they don't show them..
Excellent tool. I will rate it 5 if they identify in the map the pin of the last event..
So good !!! It's very informative for earthquakes.It helps you so much.One time in 100 years an earthquake is going to be very difficult to survive it. In this time my family was so worried about it so i downloaded this app.It's very helpfull.I recommend to download it.Anyway I hope you will never be part of a catastrophe like an earthquake..
It appears the app us not reporting all activity after few days of worling fine. The setings also went back to the original setings all by themselves..
Is easy to use and to configure, and so far appears to be very accurate compared to the reports from the USGS..
I would like to say I enjoy opening this app but the reality of it I don't. I'm from Ponce, Puerto Rico and I have friends and family there and seeing all that is happening to the island of my family is very hard on me. But the app has a lot of information...
Awesome app to get information about the occurred earthquake specially in seismic prone area such as Iran. But it will be better if we can define different notification type for example one for home region, another for big earthquake in the world..
Excellent app, just what i was looking for! I get customized alerts when there's an earthquake near me, and don't have to be bombarded with ads or have to pay for anything :).
Very good app as it allows you to get notifications even from another area far from where you are actually living at..
Good app. It provides a report of each earthquake about 5 minutes after occurring....
It would be better if in a list view and latest first information. Otherwise is very good.
The app takes a few minutes after the earthquake to give the alert but other than that im impressed....
The app has notifications for all earthquakes in the world and the size of the EQ. PERFECT !.
This app gives me the info that I need for our area. The only problem I see with it is. when I change some settings on it and go out of it, once I open the app again. My settings have been changed back the way they were in the beginning..
I can gauge the intensity of the shocks felt to a certain level of movement. Couldn't do that before the app..
(11-29-19) After updating, I get alerts, but when I tap on it the app says no quakes. (12-16-19) Thanks for your suggestions. I uninstalled then re-installed the app. I was a bit impatient, but It's all good now..
Very timely and informative updates, not just abroad globaly but local too. Excellent app!.
Difficult to understand or define that the earthquakes replicas occured a minute from each other, since it is show only if was and hour ago and dont show the time that hit in yhe area unless you open details. Then looks as they are duplicate..
Love the app because it keeps me inform of the intensity of the earthquakes and after shocks..
Good app. If you are into this stuff and watching the earthquake patterns..
I thought it would be nice to have the app. I'm not the least bit impressed by this one. The last straw was the earthquake in California a few minutes ago, I'm holding on to the doorway so I don't fall, then NOTHING from this app. I'm going to try a different app now..
Very happy with this app, just received very alerts as described in the app..
Great! I set the magnitude threshold low and the notifications are almost like having a friend texting me! So lonely..
It's nice to check out what's going on.
I'm using it because here in Puerto Rico for the first time we have experienced non-stop seismic activity, and I need to know where, how high it it/was, etc....
Exactly what I needed. Very easy to use and provide enough information in case of an emergency..
This app is very informative. The information it contains offers a full view of what earth is doing. Checking out this app is like watching the earth breath and grow or gag and stumble. Thanks for making this stuff availiable..
Although takes 5 min to report, the information is accurate..
Works really well. Lots of interesting alerts near me..
Very accurate. Just rode out a 4.9 near Palm Desert..
App is Ok. Main window should have more map space by reducing the last list of earthquake space..
Great app. A must have to know where the earthquakes are constant..
Has work well up to now hope it will sound louder in the moment quake gets criticle..
Send Alert two minutes or more after the movement occur. But it's good..
Excellent app for the purpose. Easy clean and you will get an notification in minutes..
Excellent!!! It really informs in a timely manner of the tremors! Information is accurate..
It 1. tells me a little late of the tremors. It 2. does not give me an option on changing the time which is about 4 hours off. Since we are suffering the aftermath of a major earthquake it is difficult to know at what time the smaller tremors occured. Most of the island is without electricity or water..
Easy to use and seems to be accurate. I need more time to use!.
Precise and useful information . Very pleased with this application. I recommend it to everyone..
I like the way it shows the alerts. Configuration of the app is friendly. Awesome..
Alerts arrive a bit too late, sometimes after 1 hour has gone by..
Great app. Keel you updated on all the seismic events in your area..
Had installed during earthquake and it did not alert me before or after..
Very functional...I am from Puerto Rico and as you possibly know, we are experiencing a lot of earthquakes on these days..
Very user friendly. This app gives the necessary information that I need..
Its really good... But the notifications are 10 to 15 minutes after the earthquake.
I like it so far... but one pin is purple and all others are red. There is no legend to explain and family is within 30 miles from the pin... is it a fluke? is it serious? how do I know?.
What does one do when this app Locks up when you need it the most? I cant reset it nor can i adjust or fine tune to area or location? And even when i change potocals it dont work!.
It's a really good app, I downloaded to be updated on PR earthquakes, since I live in USA..
Good app but it doesn't always gives you notification even tho Aftershocks has been confirmed..
Love the way it give you the alert and its nice to see it work hope it stay that way.
I liked but the alerts are 8 to 10 min late , i using the app for a week and is asking my for money ,it free.
Seems very articulate and efficient. Enjoy this app and the knowledge it provides..
Easy to select the region you're interested in. I like it very much..
Uninstalled. Worked fine first few days then stopped receiving notifications, therefore its useless..
It is great to bo alerted and to know and learn about what happens all.arround..
I love it.....right on the money!!.
Faster information than local news. Very good app..
Curious as to why my feed is once again not reporting a massive earthquake. This time on my friends Island in the Philippines... a 6.4 no less. In fact it shows nothing on the other side of the world...one reason I have this is to check on friends and family around the world..
Delivers spot on info as it happens.. love this app and I use this as a precaution for me and my family.. in these last days I recommend everyone to have this...
Downloaded because there have been more than 1000 quakes in PR this past December and January 2020 and it works. I recommended it..
Very accurate and informative..
Love seeing where the quakes have been.
map is a little slow, zoom in is week. otherwise great. Love the notifications and relatively low ads. Great value..
it works great and when there's an earthquake my phone goes off with a great notification ! love it I always get noticed! Works great.
Excellent app. Informs me about quakes nearby or afar very close to real time.
Wow, you can see the earthquake in different countries as well. Something to see. Love it..
Always receive late notificstions. Other apps are faster..
Very clear app, although takes about 4 minutes to inform the earthquake.
Its been very useful. Keeping up to date with earthquakes in Puerto Rico..
Excellent. Like that gives written and sound notification..
Works good, notifications take a while to show up..
No filter for country or distance. Otherwise good..
Very accurate and precise app. Thanks for your awesome work..
Yes it is accurate and it sends the message when the earthquake is hitting.
I love it because If I fall asleep and I can get alert.... If there's an earthquake.....
Excellent app. Very useful..
More detail Say city Not just pic of terrain Show video.
So far, quite good. Would be nice to see a box of the readings during the worst of it from the nearest seizmograph (spelling? Google??) Thank you!.
The information that it shows is just the amount you need and its pretty accurate..
Almost realtime, accurate and easy to use..
So i tested this app over Christmas to see if it really works. I had it set up for Porto rico. And it really did work. The notification come very quickly..
It's quick, accurate and easy to use. Very helpful!.
Easy to use. Information is clear, well organized..
Great app, notifications r very important to us within impacted zones..
really great app ..i set up everything in setting and in no time i was getting alerts... also i have to say ive used 2 other earthquake apps...this is so far the best ..thanks.
App works really good, start getting my notices of quakes not long after I installed it. This is the best one ever..
great app, no glitches that I have seen after a week of use. love having the map along with a list.
Now it give me the notification 4 hours later when it happen. I would love to give more star i uninstall and install the aplication various time i also clean the cache and still giving me the notification 4 hours later..
It's great app and I use it since 2014. I am happy to download this app because it shows where it happens and I recommend to everyone to use this app..
Notifications are very quick. Tested it in Puerto Rico over Christmas when there were several tremors every day for a whole week..
Keeps me alert with the distance and intensity info..
The notification takes several minutes after the event..
The idea of aplication is good but give the warnings too late.
Very precise, easy to use , good setting options.
App was useless kept working & stopping all the time & settings would only work sometimes. The whole prog was a waste of my time. Do not install..
Excellent specially in the light of seismic activity in and around Puerto Rico..
There is no where on the chart that says how long or time span and or duration in time of movement ...thanks.
love it ud83dude0a i had 1 other app installed as well but this one gave me the alerts faster and more accurate. i ended up keeping this app and uninstalling the other..
Good. But need more accuracy in time delivery..
Very accurate and uploads the seismic info pretty quick..
At this time in Puerto Rico we're having an unusual number of earthquakes 1300 in the last month it's helpful to get a notification on a regular basis in a timely manner.
Great app I liked the idea of picking locations and magnitude as well as notifications..
app works great and alerts to my settings perfectly.its a great app to help you with a few min or seconds notice before a earthquake happens..
Fast, light-weight, adjustable, accurate, and reasonable ads. What else could you ask for!.
Very good and acurrate only few seconds or so after EQ.
I don't receive the notification something or 20 minutes after the earthquake..
Very helpful. I refer friends and families regarding the app. Everyone must have it. Thanks.
Glad there are actual apps made for earthquakes. Only issue I am having is there are no new notifications, for earthquakes near my region.
I like it very much, only that I think it could be quicker on notifications..
Good app, I downloaded it after the big earthquake here in alaska and it has gaven me good info on the after shocks that has happened here sense.
It's not accuracy, not on time, ever late..
Useful information , the app is easy to use and understand.
Nice app alerts exactly as set, provides accurate information..
Excellent. Great details & map. Up to the moment. International quakes, worldwide..
Great app. I with i was able to select the country I am looking for..
Simple, fast, modern and very helpful..
It takes a almost 10 minutes to register other than that its better then others.
Great! Keeps me up to date..
A helpful app to inform about earthquakes. Nice and simple design. Living in California, this comes in handy..
It's a really good app except I'd rather see only my area instead of everywhere. Notifications are for local quakes,so that's good..
Awesome and more .... just need few Settings for best experience and accuracy..... not the app .... the person downloading..... app is perfectly fine.
This app its not real time. I receive the notifications almost 5 minutes later. First come my friends notifications instead the app. Need to imrove!.
I had been using Geo net the Newzealand app but due to re location this app being used. I am not getting as in depth account. Am only learning use of app so time will tell how good it is.
11 minutes after the earthquake the app gave the location of the quake. Nice. But im looking for a 5 minute faster app..
It would be great to have an option for showing earthquake magnitudes on the location pins in the map..
Excellent app... up to date information on earthquake around the world!!!.
Good app let's you know the magnitude of the earthquake and at what time it happened..
Sometimes is either really late in sending info or don't sent it at all.
It is good app, only problem is it is draining battery super fast, that is why I must uninstall it ud83dude15 it's a shame....
Helpful, accurate, fast notifications! Best earthquake app!.
Notifications take some time but overall does its job..
Very good app..
Provides all information I wish for. I especially appreciate the musical alert. This app helps me track aftershocks following 11-30-18 quake in Alaska!.
I just install 12/26/18*I have tracking earthquake for yrs but w/my medical report's stolen goes to show you how sancdaliez they can be I came to help extend the environment @ times of evolutionary changes's my call came in many ways now time is @ hand how long do you think you have left..Gid bless Sun of Ra..
Great App! Also has many options on settings to adapt to your nreeds !! Love it !! Definitely recommend it too!!.
Excellent, delay from 1 min to 7 min no more than that,.
Quick information and alerts, must have for every traveler..
Really like the notifications on events close to my location..
So nice to get instant updates.
Very good and informative..
Not sending me notifications. Fixed. Just had a 7.1 here. Lot of heavy shaking happening in our area of Southern California. 7/5/2019.
Love this. Very accurate and informative... if your into earthquake stats..
Great app with quick info. Be nice if there were settings to specify receiving reports by state only rather than a broad region..
I find the print unreadable. It's too small, and as well, the information is too far apart..
Love the app keeps me informed of the exact location of the tremble..
Fast, easy, its ok and helpful. It really helped me and others during the period of the the big earthquake in Albania and the days after.(november 2019) Especialy bcs it sends notifications..
The mapping if earthquakes is superior. Notifications are adjustable and clear. I like this app..
Is pretty accurate even thou it has a delay to register the earthquakes in real time.
Quite good. Maybe a minute late to notify..
Easy to use and very quick with news.
world map showing the locations for the day or week or month, plus the local maps you use to pinpoint epicenters would be really helpful.
The alerts are very fast. Works even with little internet connection..
Good app. The reports are accurate so I can be informed..
Good app. Besides Region, it should allow to choose an specific country..
Seems credible and timely.
Easy to use and alerts 2 to 5 mins later..
Excelent information for my knowlegde and it is an anxious management tool..
Very good experience.
very speedy, beats my wifes app by 30 seconds or more. with many aftershocks here in Ak that is helpful. wish it had a more local feed.
seems to be accurate, like the update to the minute earthquake reports..
Very usefull, specially now with the situation in Puerto Rico..
Great love this app a lot of help up dated info. Recomend..
Surprised with the accuracy and fast warning..
Good app. Notifications are sent just on time..
All the details you should know in one app..
Much better and more accurate than other earthquake trackers!!.
Love all the information it provides and on a timely basis....Easy to readud83eudd8bud83cudf77.
love this app! let's me know quickly where and the strength of the quake. I live in an active quake area and like to know what's going on. you also can send a notification to family if you're ok. Thanks!.
Simple to use. Verry acurate . The earthquake message arrives almost inmediately. Is excelent..
Works very quick with the info of the earthquakes. This app is very reliable....
almost a 10 minute delay between the quake and the notification.
Map section doesn't have enough display..
Good app and I downloaded it because of earthquakes happening in Albania so much houses have been destroyed and I just got this app so I can be informed. Very good app..
Really accurate for our area..
A great app. It seems to be very accurate and informative..
It's been very precisely and helpful now that Puerto Rico is experiencing more than 20 shakes per day!!.
I have use it and it works grate. Real time information..
I live in Puerto Rico and this app has helped me to understand more the probability of earthquakes..
Accurate, informative, helpful, can be trusted with the information given. Thank you and keep the good work..
It might alert me in a day or two - as we are to have an earthquake - in San Diego or right next door in Baja California - 5.8 or a 6.0 - Dutchsinse has alerted us to that ..
It's very nice app. We in Albania are having a big trouble with the earthquakes. This app is very accurate..
Great earthquake info in near real time. Easy to use. Clear concise data..
It tells every EQ small and large. I live in oregon where they never track them. Gps wont track oregon quakes for some reason. I know we have them because i hear my house crack!.
The list is never retractable. A full map mode would gives a better experience..
A little delay but very accurate...i recommend it.
Seems very good, just the map doesn't seem to zoom properly..
this app is great, we live in the Californis deserts. were shakin out here but fun to see where all the quakes are located..
Very interesting and informative. I live near a major fault line & pay close attention to this app..
I wish everytime there was a quake,it would beep,my phone!!!! But Great!!!.
Would love to see only the earthquakes in the area I selected..
Easy to read and navigate. Notifications don't always work..
Very useful. Have to update satellite maps..
Not a bad app.. Pretty good in giving info and it notify you too.
Good app.earthquake times are always way off real time.
Very acurate is a helpfull tool! Thanks!.
Keeps me constantly informed with accurate, precise location..
It sometimes gives only coordinates, with no clue as to country, etc..
Very usefull , on reasonable time alarms..
Good for tracking sismic activity near your area..
It should be more specific in time in PR.Its Atlantic time. Sometimes its hard to calculate military time..
Very great service.
Update: found second magnitude filter and now its working. Ill update to 5 stars if it continues to work well.
Update all the time and date. Very useful the information..
Great app that doesn't have invasive ads..
Seems to work just fine! Thanks, from a denizen of the San Andereas fault line!.
i like kniwing the tine, the place on tge map, and tge droth in addition to the magnitude. Best part is the notifications that cine fir each 3.0 ir more near me. yay! thank you..
it gives you could documentation but there is no early warning system in this app but it keeps you well documentation I recommend this app ud83dudc4dud83dudc4dud83dudc4dud83dudc4d.
Best one ive found...seems to work well, and is very quick to push notifications....
Extremely useful right now in Puerto Rico where a 5.7 earthquake occurred a few mins ago. Thank you..
Too effective at listing the spat of earthquakes we have been going through for the last three weeks..
Great app easy to use, good information..
Urgent records plz.little delays sometimes.
Really good at giving notification about earthquake in area we selected... Keep up the good job....
great app accurate notices as soon as the quake happens!.
excellent monitoring tool, for our area.
Excellent resource, accurate, very helpful when most needed. ERNIE SANTIAGO, PUERTO RICO. ud83dudc4dud83dudc4dud83dudc4dud83cuddf5ud83cuddf7ud83dudc4dud83dudc4dud83dudc4d.
Excellent. Fast tracking of earthquakes..
Very interesting to see all the earthquake s that happen by the minute.
Great app, keeps us informed of when and where it's going on..
it is very accurate and notifications are very fast.
So far it read every earthquake so far that has hit..
Best app. Got details of earthquake after after 13 minutes..
Very important tool for earthquake information..
I cant get over the amount of earthquakes as well as the strength of them. amazing app!.
able to select just a certain area you want to monitor..
I like it, but sometimes doesn't make the advice. But it's nice after all.
Its good sometimea takes a little longer to put the info in... But its good so far...
Very useful. In seconds respond and inform about earthquake..
It works OK. I don't notice anything bad or fantastic about this app.
c ery concise, timely and easy to use..
Pretty straight forward, nothing fancy..
Accurate but a little slow.....in case of a tsunami it might not be the best choice..
Very informative and fast access !!.
Unbelievable I reside on the northeast of the island abour 35 miles from the earthquakes in the karsthills and signal is poor. I have felt many of the tremors. Some small, some largers and some I haven't felt at all. What's incredible is how fast, sometimes seconds after it has occurred, I receive an alert! Highly recomended!.
I enjoy the accuracy and speed of receivubg news!.
A very good opportunity to be on the leading edge of earthquake activity. love it..
Easy to use, accurate and fast..
Best Earthquake app out there..i live in Puerto Rico from Dec 2019 to Jan 2020 there's been over 1000 Earthquakes.this app i'll let me know if they're getting closer to my side of the island (East).if so to evacuate before hand..
accurate and useful app for tracking tremors and data on earthquakes worldwide good job admin keep on adding more useful feature on your app.
Awesome app and very precise. I love it..
I like it but sometimes the rating is different from the official one.
True app... using it for PR and is amazing...
Reliable , informative. Love it!!.
Sometimes aftershocks are not noted..
It ok, a little slow but ok.
love the app and shows the exact area im interested in and gives great details.
Fabulous and necessary..
Love how it shows all the different places earthquacks are.
Not sound and dusconnect when no services.
I don't receive notifications even when I have the everything setup to receive it..
Glad to be able to spot quakes and check magnitude. Thanks!.
I think many time. I thought pass one but esa not sure. Now I can check it in the app..
Accurate and timely alerts,.
Very fast report time and accurate.
Detailed and easy to use..
Easy to use. Used free for about year then upgraded to pro.
I give it no stars it does not give out the right infomation the maps do not work the app sucks and they should get rid of it all together..
Excelent centre of information about sismic activities..
Everytime I open app it would turn off. Don't have time to play game need info asap.
Im from the Caribbean and lately that area is active, so, before I go to bed ud83dudecfufe0f and when I wake up go straight to the app and see what is going on. Give me peace of mind. And is accurate. Thanks!.
Reporting is quick. Very good app, thanks..
Good and reliable, inform the scale of the earthquake pretty soon..
Always alert in real time.Thanks..
Super fast updates.
Seems to be a worthwhile, easy to use, earthquake app..
This app is very helpful . I live in Albania and we had an earthquake now.I was sleeping and this app waked me up .thanks go to that person that created this app ud83dudc4fud83dudc4f.
Great app works really good..
It was good, but the notification come a little bit late..
Great fast information in a easy to view platform.
Delay in notifications. The rest is very good.
Has been big help for me. Kept or still helping keep track of my country quakes.
This app is in every person in Puerto Rico right. Really good and accurate..
I am alerted every time there is an earthquake in my location..
Thank you because I know this is important for having this alert....
It helps a lot and very nice apps, thank you it's worth to upload.
It works but the maps have errors.
Very informative and great to see all earthquake activity worldwide!.
Easy quick check of earthquakes. Severeral personal preference options available.
This apps needs a lot of work. There is little to no information on app of any use. Get it together, this is not worth the time and effort..
Love the app but I get the notifications after everyone already posted in Facebook!.
Very precise location and activity notifications.
Good, but alerts have a 10 min delay.
Okay thank you so much to keep us informed about earthquake. Thanks for your time and great app.
Very American app, showing earthquake in north American on 2 on scale but not showing earthquake in Indonesia when has over 5 on the scale 3 times per day, USA is not whole world, stop think like in 50s.
Very reliable and useful..
I'm not getting audio notification and I think this was the first notification I even got today I had forgotten I installed the app in fact.
Very useful, complete and accurate..
Great app! Very informative!.
Usefully and informative updates..
Very informative, well laid out. The best one I have used....
Loaded app right after earthquake nice knowing what's going on around me.
Alerts right on spor and reliable accuracy.
Excellent and easy to use..
Tremendous tool to determine where you have trembled anywhere in the world!.
i really like this app ...it keeps track of all earthquakes around my city.
easy to use and interesting to read..
Notification are not that quickly as many other says.. But work and do the job .. Here in Puerto Rico we have been alert, this app is helping me at least to know magnitudes tremors....
Very easy to use and accurate..
Great experience and mail information.
Awesome and easy to use..
its really a good app, we can set to just our region earthquake. thanks guys.
Reliable and practical..
Very fast, and informative.
Good, but sometime have a delay..
The best, accurate, reliable and fast.
Very useful,like the notifications..
It's a good app.. it has helped me a lot to see what's going on in Puerto Rico with my family..
Alerted after the fact.but informative..
I have set the notifications to my likes and it has been working great..
Easy to use, like being notified.
At this very in Puerto Rico this app is a great tool react almost instantly..
easy to use & customizable notifications..
Very accurate app and alert almost on time.
Very good and easy to used thank you.
It is very usefull and easy..
The best app great info easy to read.
I love it specially if you live in areas like California.
Faster than the payed app which supposed to warn before..
Too many notification for countries around the world.
Haven't had it very long but so far not bad, thanks.
good app. gives me the information I want. including maps..
user friendly and always up to date.
Excellent app...good to track earthquakes..
Very good and almost real time. I know unfortunately from experience.
Good app. I like your app and keep us notify for every earthquake in the world and especially Albania.
It has very helpful during this crisis..
Accurate and reliable.
It helped me to get information about earth move fast in our area's..
Good information and fast..
Very accurate and easy to understand..
Very accurate and easy to understand..
It pops up and tells me info about earthquakes near me.
Really useful since alot of 4.0 and more earthquakes have been going on here.
Very good app. The title says it all. I am considering of purchasing the app..
Great for keeping track of the continuous shakes in Puerto Rico.
I have used it to stay in touch with situation in Puerto Rico where my family lives. It keeps me up to date..
Promptly reports and accurate..
Notifications are on but not working.
loves that it only Alerts me with quakes that happen close by me.
It shows perfectly a the earthquakes and I just love this app.
Can't zoom in and see the actually image.
Easy to use and understand..
Great l get notificatios at the moment.Thank you for keeping us post.Great job..
Very good app been looking for one that works and this one does very apreciated.
Useless. Completely missed Indonesian quake !.
so great i can follow every quake and close to my house..
So far, so good. Forced to rate before I have a good idea what the app is like..
Excellent App, keep it up.
great app it has help me a lot in my country..ud83dudc4dud83cudffb.
Installed it after a 6.4 hit the south of PR. It's been accurate and is keeping me up to date..
im enjoying, All the Alerts. Very accurate..
i live on the coast in southern Oregon. This is always spot on and I have not had a glich yet. and I can move it down into NV and check out kids area. Very Cool..
Love this app!.
Good early indicator where an quake took place..
It is easy to manage and keep me informed!.
cool app. been checking earthquakes since the ridgecrest quake.
I like it, it shows what I want to see. great app!!.
Great app with real time reports !.
Very fast and accurate..
Very good application, very accurate.
This app is good. Maybe use much battery.
The information about this events in the island of Puerto Rico are very much welcome. Thanks!!.
Very good for users.
Easy to read and map very clear..
Good but it dosent alert quick.
ITS REAL!!! When I was Reading An earthquake hits garmyan in news, I looked the app it was actually real!!.
Usefull and very accuret,..
needs better options like show all earthquakes in months or recent and better info.
Easy to read and quick notification.
Excelent and immediate information..
Quick notifications, very accurate..
Great and easy to use.
shows very few and is slow to alert.
Could be defended during earthquake happening on time..
We had more than one thousand earthquakes in PR since 28 Dec 2019 to 12 Jan 2020. This app is helping us with the details to survive here. Thanks.
Great app lots of good info.
Very helpfull,up to date,very usefull,thanks.
Awesome and very informative..
Thank you so much! I have been having so much earthquakes in Puerto Rico thank you alot.
Very cool, I am really loving the features.
Good! Very good but is can be better. Thank.
Quick and accurate...
Three strong Earthquakes off west coast of Vancouver Island, 100 kms from my Home & this app did nothing to wake me up!.
Freezes and takes too long to upload.
Keeps up to date and quick alerts.
this apps nice...the news keep on update and this is the best apps i use so far.
Helps me know how the events are in my region..
Takes around 5 to 7 minutes to send the alert.
Great app and very accurate..
Love it i keep track of temblores. Every where.
It's amazing, always on point when something happens..
Great and helpful app!!.
Great app fast and accurate.
Good information when most needed ..
app can not be moved to external SD memory.
Excellent App, recieve notifications of my regional at the instant.
Having this App is a true blessing when it comes to warnings!.
hands down best EQ alert app!.
great app showing the right time earthquake all over the world.
It's very clear and very simple to take the interested information..
Faster info than Web pages.
This ia a great App and give accurate information world wide ..
Notifications are more than 30 min after the quake.
Really helps when you have never felt one..
Excellent site. Shows all earthquakes!.
The notification come fast, Love it!.
Great app! Truly informative.
Nice app. Very reliable..
Very good source of knformation. Accurate earthquaqke location..
excellent updates and useful information.
I just can believe, how bad this greed can get ,I have my earthquake APP INSTALLED, I TOOK MY TIME TO SET IT UP, CORRECT, SO IT WON'T BE BUGGY WITH NOTIFICATION, I SET IT AT 3. ON UP AND LIKE WITHIN A 300 MILE RADIUS, SO TODAY I WAKE UP AND SEE EMERGENCY ON MY CELL ,I GET ON 5.2 NEARBY, I ,THEN I GET A LOT OF ALERTS 0.1 ,0.8 . WHAT THEN 1.6 ,AND THEN I SEE ALL THE JUNK THEY THROW AT YOU ,UPGRADE, AND ALL THE ads , all over and all those notifications, I look on setting it's it's on 3. Up.
For eartquakes a little delay.
Nice, clear and easy information..
Acurate, shows precise location..
I really like this app it keeps u informed and works good..
Very informative. Great App.
A very good app keep up the good workud83dudc4dud83cudffdud83dudc4dud83cudffd.
living in trona i felt my couch move and the app went off instantly..
I liked it. Very customizable..
Excelente! The alerts of earthquakes, closed to my area, provide concise and value information. Thank you..
We are having too many earthquakes and is great to be able to know the intensity asap..
It shows some of the earthquake but not all.
so far I'm enjoying the setup of this earthquake app above other earthquake apps..
Very good always update data.
Very accurate and in real time.
great updates and alerts.
So far so good. Not too fast but works.
It's a good app to see the earthquakes around the World..
I like to see where the activity is. Especially here in the USA.
NICE APP TO VIEW HAD ISSUES BUT NOT THE APP OLD PHONE THANK YOU DANIELLE A..
Like the fast availability of the shakes.
Very good app it delivers everytime..
Only feel range is missing.
You reseive notifications right at the momentud83dudc4d Extremely helpful!!.
Love this app..
Not bad, wish there were a couple more options..
Great app! Very informative.
I figure if an app can alert me about Earthquake it has to good.
Most useful and informative..
Informative and updated.
Good Apps. Very informative.
The alerts are minuts later.
Excelent & reliable news..
This is important. Recommend to download this app for your own safety..
I'd like instant reports in the U,S,.
Works great, love the notification option.
Enjoying the information and on time.
Best appointment quick and handy.
I get double notices each time. Otherwise I really like it..
Works great, love to be informed.
Easy to setup settings for preferences..
Customizable by country, region & magnitude.
Great and accurate. PR area is active.
They send the notification about earthquake 10-15 minutes later don't liked.
EXCELLENT very accurate both magnitude and location.
Is fast and very good information.
Very good keeps up dated. Thanks.
Like knowing when and where they are so this helps.
It is very informative..
Need more about the South Pacific Rim and alerts with 7 .0 or more.
It lacks a lot. There is other apps that are better..
I love it especially updating you where expecting earth quake.
Earthquake info world wide except for the USA. Not even going to waste money on Pro..
So far is fast and accurate.
Is great app it advised me when it occurs an earthquake..
It hasnt sent me any warnings. I live in pr where it has been shaking for more than a week..
Great app. Very accurate.
Thanks for keeping me updated, I'm glad I found you..
It keeps me informed, very accurate. Love it..
Very good app thanks!.
Very helpful and accurate..
Very reliable app!.
Love this Apple. Very informative..
fast and accurate!.
Up to the minute info all the time!!!.
Gives me info on local earthquakes.
This APP provides excellent data about earthquakes..
Real info. Great help now that we have had many earthquakes in PR..
I like the app but I don't get them all..
works great and is accurate..
It takes way too long for the notifications.
Great infor on quakes around the area.
Keeps me well informed, very accurate..
Notice Alerts Immediately.
Excellen App Very easy to work with it Thanks.
Very useful to confirm earthquakes.
Sometimes alerts are received late.
This app helps me to know when there are earthquakes around the world.
Keeps me informed..
Great it's notifying me at all times Workes good.
Great... accurate and fast.
After living thru the November 30 quake in Alaska, it was nice to have this up to the minute info on the aftershocks.
I like it but I wish they only send me notification for my area.
App has been effective and consistent.
Try to do good.
Easy to use and fun.
Good but slow.
Good app prompt notifications lots of features.
I DONT LIKE ALL THE DATA ON THE SAME PAGE.
Thanks for a great app.
Excelent source of information.
Good for the information I am seeking.
I live in Ponce a and got this app for tracking purposes it is informative and useful I recommended it.
Gives good information and detail.
Crashes and freezes.
Very good information and on time.
Great app with push notifications.
Just check it since I am in the eathquake region.
excellent to keep you alert on disasters..
Keeps me accurately updated. Easy to use..
Useful and alerted.
Very good app.
Great information source.
great app and easy to use.
Good app, very precise.
Does exactly as advertised. Great app..
Useless. Don't sent the alerts.
Stay on top of the the situation.
very informative and quick.
Works good,doest what it's supposed to do..
This is the fastest app alert..
Information comes too late. 15 to 30 minutes late..
It has been very helpful now that me and my city are under alert of earthquakes from December 28 to this day.
Interesting to see how many small quakes are going on all the time in California!.
Very accurate, in this emergency in PR it keep me informed.
I appreciate that It's kept me up to date on all of the aftershocks we have received since the earthquake that happened on Wednesday March 18th. My sister lives in Magna. I live in Salt Lake City. Thank you for the app..
Good, been using for 3 days..
Useful and very informative.
Very accurate and I love it.
Excellent app and information.
Does not alert in all of the earthquakes....
It would be better if it was faster ud83dudca5.
I love you.
I like the app it keeps me in touch with the earthquakes out there.
This is an unbelievable app with nice features.
Very accurate and informative.
Very informative and accurate..
Not as much as one on before..
User friendly and helpful.
Live to follow the quakes..
Very informative as it happens..
Works as it says..
Love the app.
Real interesting app.
incredible accurancy,24/7,world information precise..
Scary and Awesome.
Very useful and accurate.
Very helpful and accurate..
Fast and accurate!.
Very sharp app , thanks.
Good app...thank Q.
Very informative great app !.
I like it!.
Up to date and accurate!.
Makes Me feel more in control in case of an emergency.
Wont recieved notifications or alerts.
Very exact app and very fast.
Nice and very friendly.
No very accurate with location names.
Ads = no thanks.
Exact time predicts.
I received the notifications very fast!.
So far, it has been a good application..
Good, but maybe we can only get the area that I need not all the country's. Thanks.
Thanks for the sharing thoughts.
So far, it's a great app.
it needs more accurate.
This real app. Thanks for this. I.
Nice app. Very helpful..
It lets me know as soon as it happens.
I enjoy the quick notification pop-up.
Handy to have. Helps keep up..
This is a wonderfull app. I recomend this app to anybody..
Very accurate information about earthquake that are happening..
Would like a news over view..
Best EQ Alert Ever!!!!!.
Continued to force close itself.
Keeps me up to date.
Very good app Using it right now in Puerto Rico.
Better than nothing.
Felt in Moca.
Working very well to monitor PR.
Very useful Excellent thanks..
Everything is fine.
It keep me updated with beep. It great..
Great very reliable.
Settings and update is useless.
Better than expected.
Great app. Use it on my YouTube Show.
Alerts are delayed!.
Why now dont let me open it.
Lets me know in real time about earthquakes all over the world and their strength! I'm not the last to know anymore!!!u2763ud83eudd38u200du2640ufe0f.
Does what it says. Keeps me informed..
constant updates on all earthquakes world wide..
Is a must to monitor current activity..
33:777 the earth began to quake, volcanos erupted. Hail Mary G.ud83euddd8u200du2640ufe0fud83euddd8u200du2642ufe0fu262fufe0fu262fufe0fud83euddd8u200du2642ufe0fud83dudc9bu2764ud83eudde1ud83dudc9bud83dudc9aud83dudc99ud83dudc9cud83eudd37u200du2642ufe0fud83eudd82ud83dude4bu200du2642ufe0f.
Good Application for me.
So far it is great..
I always like to know what's going on around the world especially Earthquake since I am from Puerto Rico and theirs been a lots of earthquakes there..
Practical and useful.
We had a big earthquick here in utah that waz 5.7 very scary . never felt one in my life. Just downloaded this app..
so far so good but also still too early to tell.
There has been a lot eartqueaks lately and this app really helps.
Very useful in Puerto Rico right now..
Excellent, assertive app..
It takes a a few minutes to alert after the quacke.
Very detailed app..
Really good app!.
Promp updates. Love this app..
Very accurate and informative.
Alert, distance, reliev,...ok.
Great app! Love it..
It is nice.
love it. it's on all the time.
good app , just simple.
I have been using this app for 4 years and I have tried other apps and this is my favorite.
So far so good,only used for a few days.
Very accurate and on point.
Easy to read and follow..
Worst app I have flet a huguge earthquake but this app show nothing.
Its a great app.
GREAT' information alerts.
Let me know there was a 5.6 in my area before I even knew it! Like how do they even do that??? ud83eudd23.
Good and informative..
This is an excellent application..
I like the notifications of local shakes.
Good app. Quick info posted.
This app seems pretty accurate..
I like getting the alerts.
Good app whith location is very hapfull.
It did alert after earthquake..
I got info seconds after the Earthquake so I like it.
It's very good.
So far so goodud83dude0a.
Let's me know exactly where/how close earthquakes in my state are. It also shows magnitude and damage reports..
Great app, met my expectations.
Gr8, correct and fast notification....
Lets me know at almost the exact time there is an earthquake in my area. Very helpful here in Puerto Rico where we have been experiencing powerful tremors since January 6th and 7th of this year..
Good app, helps..
this is a freakin rad app! spot on and genious.
So far so good. Notifies me if there is an earthquake nearby too..
Awesome app rigth on point..
Very good apps accurate.
Works very well, good app.
A good app.
Good earthquake notifications.
Very slow providing the info.
This app is so important for us here in PR..
Still new using it.
Does not work said it was not responding.DELETE.:(:(:(.
It's good for me.
It's a little bit delayed.
My alerts come thru fast.
very good app.
I formation is displayed very fast.
Great! Very helpful!.
Is a little bit slow.
Very good app to have.
Alert not real time.
Accuracy with each tremor felt.
perfectly designed and interesting app.
Great tracker love it.
best app to monitor earthquake.
Whit all the events in Puerto Rico whit the earthquakes ,the app kept us on alerts at the same moment that is happening ..
It is very dependable..
It's a very good application..
Great details, very informative.
Very accurate and informative....!.
A tool to be alert ..
Thanks for everything the only dissatisfaction is when this earthquake the phone don't tell me please do you fix that? I'm so worry here in Puerto Rico right now.
Amazing how many quakes there are!.
Good app. Thanks..
Really Bloody good app..
Very good app!ud83dude4f.
Has helped us understand and keep track of aftershocks..
Absolutely very correct information about earthquake..
Great app for terrible earthquakes.
A very good app..
Very good app!.
Had a large earthquake with hundreds of aftershocks and this really helped to follow them all.
really accurate and precise.
Liked getting some advanced warning of a quake. Live in NorCal..
I have had this app for some time now and its great.
This app is really good. I recommend..
accurate and simple.
Very helpful app.
Wow totally amazed at the power of Mother Nature!.
Very good application..
App alerts me even before local news.
Very good info. I am updated with all the events..
I'm in Puerto Rico and having so many earthquakes it's very scary but knowing were they are happenig is important. I'm so very scared. Thanks for this app.
Very informatic this app.
Been great but I'm trying to limit to over 3.0 without any luck..
I love it it works perfectly.
This Earthquake App is Outstanding. ud83dudc95ud83cudf0f.
Perfect alert program.
Does what I need it to do. Works as described..
Useful & Nice App.
Great and very timely.
Nice app, cool features..
Great app inmediatly inform.
Is right on the money, No complain.
Perfect App If You Are Living In Puerto Rico ud83cuddf5ud83cuddf7ud83dude02.
Very good app, I recommend it.
Okay at least I least I know what size earthquake just happened.
The app is excellent!.
No alerts are sent.
Exellent app. Very accuratte.
I bit delayed but shows earthquakes, location and magnitude..
Very accurated aap.
good app bad popup,s.
Fast and acurate.
Earthquake notifications to be updated.
Not a really precision app.
Good app and very important to we who live in the Caribbean.
Hook me up with the pro version!!.
Love the accuracy.
Keeps me informed. I really like it..
Nice app easy to use.
great app. thanks.
Problems witt the alerts.
helpful to get only 1 region of earth specified. Thank you!.
very positive, good app..
Great app to have.
Very good app..
Excelent and fast.
This is a very useful apps.
Very good app..
Love it. Very informative..
Works very well so farud83dudc4du270c.
sucks! never alerts.
Awesome!! Keeps me updated!!.
Gives me the information I need.
App is very accurate.
I have close friends in that area and some co-workers to and they don't want to be calling every time there's a little Shake so this keeps me up-to-date of what they're going through and I also belong to a group that does voluntary work on our days off and this keeps us up to date on what to expect when we go there.
Most of the information is not relevant to me.
Excellent app... Thannk you.
I like the instant update of Earthquakes in my messages.
Great notification ud83dudc4d time.
Simple ,very good.
Registered within minutes of me feeling the tremors..
Awesome ud83dudc4dud83dudc4d Feel very confident with the information..
Gives me some peace of mind.
Not sure yet.
Ints exact time and appreciate it the help.
Tells me after experience an earthquake.
I enjoy seeing what is happening..
Very good App..
Love this app living in California.
I formative & to the point..
glad I got this app cause where I live I have big earthquakes.
This app is very accurte.
Good information. Thank you..
Need to be more accurate..
Never had one before.
Thank it keeping me safety check earthquakes.
Very good app....
Too much extra information.
Helps a lot!.
Keep you informed....
It has given me and my family, some kind of peace, by letting us know every time there is a guake, where, distance from us, level of seismic and keeping us alert at all times.
Never no when the nexst ones comeing..
Good, timely info..
Good but there are some needs to clarify, is the info has the same scales from USGS? There should be an about details where your info came from..
It is an excellent application.
Does what it needs to do..
Just like app one can trust.
It makes you secure.
Is great keeps me posted all the time . It was recommended by my son who is in the Arm Force. The family uses it.. It also lets me know what is going on in other countries..
keeps me informed whats going on at all times..
Best app for this kind of thing..
Residing in Puerto Rico where recent earthquakes have destroyed so many homes, this app has kept me alert as to where these are taking place so that I can act accordingly..
Would like more info.
Eassy to use. On time notifications..
It show real life earthquakes.
It is very useful. Thank you..
I believe I receive only what I need to know. I need some type of warning when there is a quake it will follow to inform me, so I can go for safety..
Fast factual information.
Very usefull inmy area.
Of great information, keeps me well informed.
Helping with update.
I live in Anchorage Alaska it keeps me up to date on what's happening here . We are moving every day sometime more than we want but that's ju00fast what happens when a major u00e9u00e0rthqu00fau00e0ke has hu00e0ppeu00f1u00e9d fu00f3r a yu00e9ar u00f3r su00f3 , mu00f3st people can't feu00e9l thu00e9m I u00e7u00e0u00f1 fu00e9u00e9l almost u00e0ll u00f3f thu00e9m , thu00e0u00f1k yu00f3u00fa fu00f3r yu00f3ur su00edte u00e0wu00e9su00f3me.
So far so good..
Pray for Albania The app is very good and very fast in notification.
Good app. IT works as advertised.
Enjoy this app.
Keeps me informed.
It gives the most needed information.
I like the app is acure it..
Love the app.
The alert is on time.
Very good and up to date.
Very accurate app.
Very accurate app.
Thank you Google. Keeping track of my country's seismic activities. Our Puerto Rico needs your help..
all info i needed.
Great Input real time..
It has been so helpful to me and my family here in Brooklyn,N.Y. But at the same time is helping with the situation in Ponce,Puerto Rico..
I receive info. Okay but should like to receive it before. I hope the sight is working on this..
Good, I'm well informed. My country is right now under earthquake. And I'm in another country. Thanks so much..
A worrysome experience that takes us to a deep level of understanding, ..how close we are with the Mighty Lord actions !! Keep up with Him. .R.T.
Satisfy my curiosity for earthquake movement in my area..
Keeps me informed of earthquakes around my area and that of relative's in other states..
It's helped me keep watch of the US, but of PR where my family have been going through a lot their..
Very accurate. Keep me on date of the earth movement. Make me be more serene seen is not just is in Puerto Rico..
So far it works well..
Good app 2.
does not sound the alarm.
Very good apps.
The app is great..
So glad to have this app while visiting California..
Never gave notifications like it said it would..
Tchaikovsky z Transom and it will take to leave the next few weeks ago, and.
EXCELLENT APPLICATION THANK YOU SO MUCH, GOD BLESSud83dude4fud83cudffb. PONCE PUERTO RICO ud83dude4fud83cudffbJANUARY 11, 2020..
Very informative, I live in Puerto Rico and help us to be ready..
let me know when a recent earthquake has happened and I really and worried about the cascadian fault line popping so I'm keeping track of this and just helps me be aware of all the little ones that's going on I can cause the big one to heaven.
Very precise, and keeps me up to date with my far family country..
Very helpful right now in Puerto Rico!!!!.
It keeps me informed of where the earthquakes take place..
Helps me know what is happening in Puerto Rico where my family lives.
First time user. Alerts are received. Event:c PR-SW earthquake..
It make me nervous but it does alert us when we're having a tremor.
All Japan earthquakes all caused by GODZILLA ,ud83dudc0d. when he wakes up cranky, man owe man . Wait when Apophis shows up 2036 GODZILLA .vs. APOPHIS(astroid).
This app is making fake news.
I have family in PR and I'm in the US. I can know what is going on from here..
I live in Puerto rico and very good in alert the quakes with event that is happening thank you!.
Very good application.
I did not remember I had it. It does not alert me of anything..
I never felt it I was over 50 miles away toward Palm Springs but I'm so grateful for this alert I will be cautious now for the next few days cuz he could trigger more to come.
While so many aftershocks that we been going through in P.R it help me determine how intense has been..
I receive a notice every time Puerto Rico Trembles...and the rwst of the world!ud83dudc4dud83cudffc.
Doesn't include the Caribbean ,I was interested in Puerto Rico.
Has helped me so much this week here in PR, I truly recommend it.
Its not too accurate.
Pretty great, it wasn't what I expected but I can't ask for more..
just got on this app. I live in Vegas but I have alot of friends in California. want to make sure all is good in Cali..
Is very good keep me informed about the earthquakes in Puerto Rico.
I don't like that I'm unable to scroll for more info..
Its help to see the magnitude of the swarm of earthquake in Caribbean.
great !!!most needed right now in Puerto Rico . thanks keep me informed..
Very helpful here in Puerto Rico we are having activity constanty now Jan 2020..
Alerts arrive at the moment.
I get the information as fast aa rhe events happened. Awsome..
It does tell me when the strong earthquakes happen so I like it.
All the best to the almighty Allah is very great full. May the almighty Allah is everything ok with that it feed back on the charged..
Great for keeping track of the nighmare were living in Puerto Rico.
THE APP WORKS AS A CHARM!!! SPECIALY WITH THE EARTHQUAKE THAT HAPPENED TODAY 4.80.
Thank you so much for your service! So helpfull!ud83dude0d.
things to be good seems to be good I like it.
I received accurate information as soon as it happens..
Keeps me informed of the situation in my Island Puerto Rico ud83dude1f.
Exeptional, Im in Puerto Rico this app is a must..
it's ok if you get the settings right..
Its a great app!.
It very good. Help a lot.
I feel better knowing what's going on with the south area of Puerto Rico..
with all going on this is the best up to date info! thank you!.
Top Alerts Better than Shake Alert LA.
Its a cool app. Thanks..
From Puerto Rico where right now we have earthquakes..
Just tells us what we need to know about most recent earthquakes!!! -Survivor.
fake aap no search options.
very good and fast.
Is more effective than other applications.
Very Good Keeps me in control.Gives me knowledge of what's going on.
I know where the earthquake happened and what we cando to protect us.
It is nice and addicting.
Excelent and very helpfull..
It's a good app!.
Pretty good app..
I don't know if it has a ringer but I like it that way..
Dios not give me real time of earthquakes on board..
Is ok until now, i wish that i can control and choose only the states and are that i want...
Very useful for us in Puerto Rico.
It let's you know within a few minutes where and what the magnitude was.
This app is the best.
Update as soon as it occurs.
I would really like to offer additional information in regards to earthquakes ..
Does it have a choice of language, like Spanish for instance?.
Matthew 24:7 For nation shall rise against nation, and kingdom against kingdom: and there shall be famines, and pestilences, and earthquakes, in divers places..
Nice app to be informed..
Very good App.
It records it too late.
Works very nice..
Keeping me informed on the Puerto Rico quakes..
YOU MAKE MY ERRRFQUAKE...ooooOOH YOU MAKE MY ERRRFQUAKE riding aRoUnd and kicking me out you make my HAert braek, TAEEEEL MEEE, ITS MY FAULT....TAELLL MEEE ITS MY FUALLT.
It's good know around the world about what is happening to Earth..
Love it especially i live in Puerto Rico..
It just notified of a earthquake..
no experience yet,,,,,.
I just felt it and the app announced me in seconds.
Let's me know right away when they happen near me..
Keeps mi alert in Puerto Rico.
It tells me when it starts Earthquake.
I like this app because he say me for arthquake.
Thanks a lot... Very accurate..
Gr8 it works. And on time. Thanks.
its been helping me since the california earthquake (7.1).
Very good app.
it does a great job of monitoring north america..
It help me alot . By remaining me when it was already there.
I'm happy with it, can't complain..
TOTALLY FELT IT FOR SURE AND I LIVE IN CENTRAL VALLEY CALIFORNIA AND IT MADE ME FEEL SICK TO MY BELLY ..
I get warnings for earthquakes near me. Helpful!!!.
Very good app.
Very good app.
Notifications keep me informed of latest events.
Wish I could limit the list to just my state....not the world.
Thanks for the update I will be reconding it to all my friends.
Very good app.
Very good app.
Very good app.
Very good app.
Very good app.
Very cool app!.
Keep Updated with whsts going on in Puerto Rico.
Very very useful.
This lets me know what i just felt.
I get nervous but i know whats happening.
Got me going when earthquakes hit Puerto Rico island on 2019_2020.
This app is good..
Informative, I didn't know anyone measured under a 3.5 Nice job ud83dudc4d.
Provides what needs to be known..
Up to date information..excellent!.
It is... beautiful!!!.
Early days but seems to be ok.
I like that it gives me updates.
Not in real time. But is ok..
Accurate in the information.
This aplication Notify me quickly that the event.
give me the report or alar. too late.
Excellent very good information..
Need this it keep up on information..
It kept me informed of earthquakes that had happened.
lets me know when and where an earthquake earthquake happens with in a minute after it happens.
It's does not update the earthquakes right.
Nice..!! Perfect.!! Accurate.
This app is so informative its scary but knowledge is piwer right?.
It is what keeps me at peace right now..
It alert you after the earthquate pass..
Good. Thank you. PUERTO RICO.
let's me now wear is happening..
Keeps me alert.
Is certain, on time as is happening.
Thank you for keeping me informed.
It is very useful. Tks.
It let me know the latest.
excellent info if your following the world wide trends...
Just trying it out - like it so far..
it gives us what is really going on around the world..
Best earthquake app.
I cannot get the notification.
The best program for earthquakes.
I get information update..
just getting use to it. so far i like it.
Scary but worth it. ud83dude2f.
it shows all places and i only want to see the us.
Good, very precise..
I wish it could warn sooner.
I like it its cool..
I thank God and Jesus Christ for this app.
Used while on vaca in PR..
This app is good.
Not my area.
Does this app have sound notifications?.
Keeps me well informed..
To many earthquake in P.R never send any alert.
I received late the alerts..
Thank you for the app.
It serves the purpose.
It helped me on Albania now when im writing this im writing 30 sec afer an quake.
Interested in Caribbean Region...PR.
It's pretty good app..
Great info. Lets you know Where it happened.
Helpful.Excellent Have me informed..
It's very informative.
IAM not getting any alert..
very surprised it is that detailed.
Thank you for now the earthquake in albania pray for albania.
Very good app.
Gracias por mantenernos informados.you deserve a1,000ud83cudf1f.
Perfect for puerto rico.
A must have app ..
It is fine what I wanted.
I recommend this app.
I like it well enough.
Is right on track ty!!.
Like it! A lot.
It announce the earthquake to late.
It's wonderful!.
Very interesting information.Keep it up..
Nice very useful I like it.
Hi iwant to know the time of last Earthquake in Ponce PR thanks.
One of the best I have tried!.
It's ok good to see what's going on in the world.
Very good application, it keep me posted.
Very good app.
very good, used to au00f1ert in Puerto Rico.
I know when we gavw an earkuake.
Thank you for the news.
Great...Love it....
Still getting used to this app,.
Works very good!ud83dudc4d.
Works good thanks!!.
Not to good need improbnent..
Sure helps living near Big Lake, Alaska.
really? 5 hours ago and you popup now?.
IF THIS IS THE USGS YOU AT LEAST PUT VOLCANIC ACTIVITY ON HERE WITH LIVE CAMS.
I am a New user of this app..
Ok. So far.
Keeps you up to date!.
It is useful!.
Up to the movement information.
I like it for now ud83dudc4dud83cudffe.
God bless you....
gives you the magnitude and location.
Ver y good app.
Gives you the magnitude instantly.
Like the application.
Nice job on this app.
Ilive but to slow to report.
It keeps me in formed.
Had to only ask for reading above 4..
Very good...nice.
Notifies me accurately..
You don't have the map flow..
Has work good for me.
Keep me informed.
Like it. Good to know..
Thanks now I have more information.
Free should be more.
It is far better than other apps.
Is e got experience and help me a lot.
My bed shook by a 5.1 in the evening.
I willl know where it happen.
No good information.
have't had a chance to use it yet.
Everything ok but need more fast information.
Good keep me informed.
Keep up dates real time.
It informs you fast.
Very nice apps.
Awesome.. Love it.
So far.... good.
I like it a lot ..
Its really great.
Top Notifying App Earthquake alert #KOSOVA.
Very updated and tells me everything.
Easy to use.
Easy to use.
Very accurate I'm satisfy.
It works good ud83dudc4d.
Best app ever seen.
Really good app im from ponce puerto ricoud83cuddf5ud83cuddf7ud83cuddf5ud83cuddf7ud83cuddf5ud83cuddf7ud83cuddf5ud83cuddf7ud83cuddf5ud83cuddf7.
IS GREAT APP..
It does the job..
Very good outstanding.
Is a good app.
Keep me alert......
does its job.!!.
my self pawaniMishra give you bless to work hard.
Information is too late..
I feel secure with this app alert.
keep me always updated.
Nice and fast.
Love this app.
Love this app.
Send alarms Late..
Pretty clear to follow.
got one, missed five..
Provides earthquake information pretty accurately.
Very good help main tain you up date thanks.
Keeps me informed.
Keeps me updated.
l can not update this app please help me.
very helpful my kids live in CA.
Love the app.
It is good..
signs of the times.
Good information for all.
Its full and ok.
Help a lot.
Good works good.
I m really like it.
helps to keep me updated.
Good. I recommend..
Very good info..
Great really accurate.
I like it!.
good and real.
Nice and up to date..
We need it in Ca..
It's super helpful THANK YOU.
So far so good.
Like it alot.
So far so good.
Keep me inform.
it help me a lot.
it is really excellent.
thanks so much.
It is very use for me.
Its a useful app..
Have a nice dayud83dude14.
usefull thank you.
gives me good information.
The time not is currect on description.
Spot on app.
Fast earthquake news and quick decide.
Quick info on earthquakes near me.
Good i like yhe app.
sends notification a bit late.
I check my earthquake alerts constanly.
Easy to read.
Very helpfulu00a1.
Its a perfect app.
finally i downloaded full version today.
liked this app i recommend it.
Enjoy this app..
Love this app.......
Its pretty Good..
Easy to see..Awesome.
You are the best.
Very very good.
not getting notifications.
I like this.
works within my parameters.
Pray for Albania Earthquake.
like the terrain info.
great helpful information.
clear to understand.
Keeps me updated love it.
thanks a lot!.
Easy to use.
Easy to use.
Its a good app.
Good to use..
so far so good..
It's pretty good..
Easy to use.
Amazing these days in pr.
A good app.
Keep up the good work.
Wonderful to know.
appreciate the map.
too basic to help.
Works very good.
It the best app.
So far so good..
I like it so far.
ud83eudd14 i enjoy this ap.
Makes me alert.
Very on time.
Its amazing app.
no notifications received.
Not very good..
very good aplication.
Better choise for earthquaker.
GOOD APP TO HAVEud83dude01 YES.
Excellent very satisfy.
A GOOD APP TO HAVE ud83dudc4dud83cudffbud83dudc4dud83cudffbud83dudc4dud83cudffbud83dudc4dud83cudffbud83dudc4dud83cudffb.
Great App 5ud83cudf1f.
It safe me.
do get it notification u267bufe0f.
Havent experienced yet.
good sistem alert.
It does the job but is a battery hog! Uses 7% of total power..
Me dice donde ocurriu00f3 el evento.
Best app about quakes..
Like.
Super.
Super.
Good app.
very good.
Very good.
Super helpfull.
Very accurate.
Perfect ud83dudc4c.
Necessary.
Great.
GOOD.
Update-i have been using this app for about 6 months and it's awesome. We get a lot of earthquakes here in Alaska and within seconds of a shaker it tells me the location, magnitude and depth which is very important because of tsunami concerns. Wow, had an issue and less than 30 seconds later someone is responding! These guys rock!.
My only complain was the closeness of the event on the map. Not anymore. Thank you for the change. I am giving you 5 star. The coverage, the presentation, the promptness is remarkable..
Displays earthquake info in all areas of Japan EXCEPT the area I am in. What's the point of this app?.
A GOOD APP TO HAVE IT'S GOT GOOD CHOICES OF ALERTS HOPE IT STAYS THIS WAYud83dude01ud83dude01.
Tiene informaciu00f3n actualizada casi al momento.
Thank you very much for making this app. I haven't really tried the alerts but the entire format for showing which earthquakes have taken place (around your selected location) is fantastic. :- ).
Brilliant app to track down the earthquakes also great if u felt an earthquake and u want to know what the magnitude on here!!.
I would like to view older earthquakes, and it doesn't update fast enough ud83dude44.
Just got it, will have to wait until I have used it, to be able to answer all your questions.
MORE than helpful! Immediate information at time of event..
It is a good app. Worth the download.
So far I'm really liking this app..
Wonderful apps with rich options for users (region, unit of measurement, nmagnitude, map). The only lacking thing is default view (center and zoom nlevel) for the map..
To blocky in content.
Would like alerts to pop up..
Perfect app.
This app does just what i want. I asked it to notify me of any quakes 5.0 nor more around the world. The notification sound is customizable so it ndoesnt sound like any other notification. You can limit your notifications nby location and strength. It is NOT meant to predict future earthquakes..
I'm in Guatemala 2 days ago we had a quake and received the warning 7 nminutes latter in that case doesn't works for me.
With 30 active volcanos worldwide, this is an impact full app. Really like nthis!.
Thank you foe this app it helps.
The last update make the app can't customize notification sound. So bad..
It is very applicable for our daily lives , very useful thank you..
I have been very much interested in the earth as she has been in existence nand moch more.
Map area on the screen is too small and I can't tap it to view the map nalone..
I think it's a great app that tells you immediately when earthquake hits nand where.
Fascinating to see how the earth quakes, so many !.
Provides,the information I need. thanks!.
Very good App, thank you.
I think special for me.
Is this app accurate?it seems 2 b ok so far.
I like it..very professional..congrats.
Very good app. I appreciate the information it gives in detail..
It's pretty good.
Simple. Easy. Informative.
Verygood.
Good app.
Nice app.
Nice.
Awesome.
Good.
Nice.
Awesome.
I Love this app! I live in California and have lots of friends around the world.  This app gives me peace of mind of knowing that when I'm traveling my house is OK and that my friends around the world are also Ok. It is a bit scary however to see how much seismic activity there is constantly happening on Earth! Love the app and the knowledge it provides!!.
I felt it before I was alerted....
Awesome thanks.
Easy ,fast.
Excellent!.
Goooood.
I like it.
Good.
Its ok.
Very nice.
The app wants my location. I'm not interested because I don't care about earthquakes where I live. I AM concerned about family living on west coast of Canada. I don't see where I can tell it to care about a distant location vice my own..
Interface design could be improved, but the app does provide quality information and push notifications..
I use the WORLD, LOVE IT.
This app not work data.
Keeps me up to date even on the small 'quakes..
Good but i think it should point the most outstanding magnitude s.
Its really good and informative and updates quicky.
That is lie !!!!!!!!.
Just thanks alot for you useful app.
It's okay..
Nice app seems to work well..
Love the ease of using this application..
I think it useful for me ..
Love to see the earth move.
Stay alert n informed.
Thanks.
Usefull.
Excellent.
It's very nice... I can locate my position and know the earthquakes in my country... Thank you.
I like this app have a better alarms sound in first time ago start earthquake.
Works great. Very easy to customize notifications so you are alerted when an earthquake was near by..
If alert sooner than what is alerting now it will be fantastic app . In iran usually allerts after 15 miniutes ..
It very good. But it has so much advertisment!.
u0641u0639u0644u0627 u06a9u0627u0645u0644u062au0631u06ccu0646 u0648 u062fu0642u06ccu0642u062au0631u06ccu0646 u0647u0633u062a . u0646u0633u062eu0647 u067eu0631u0648 u06a9u0627u0634 u0641u0631u06cc u0628u0648u062f.
Beautiful design and accurate data.
It is a very good application.Specially the settings are accurate..
Good but when it is On and gets all the updates , it uses lotf of battery and data :(.
This is good if work offline.
u0627u0632 u0628u0631u0646u0627u0645u0647 u062eu0648u0628u062au0648u0646 u0645u062au0634u06a9u0631u06ccu0645.
Good design but could be better.  Its better than similars.
A million thanks.
wow i like it.
u062eu06ccu0644u06cc u062eu0648u0628u0647.
That's terrific.
Thanks for all..
It is a really useful app....
Ok.
u0633u067eu0627u0633.
very useful app.
Very good thanks.
Great app.
Prefect.
Could be better.
Very good.
Very good.
Surprised and excellent.
Very good.
Verry good.
Is best....
Brilliant.
App is good. Only problem is being able to view the world map without the extra ads above or very bottom on the screen. Should have one ad in one place period. Otherwise, the warning of earthquake is interesting and accurate..
u0645u06ccu062au0648u0646u0647 u0628u0647u062au0631 u0628u0627u0634u0647 .... u0632u0644u0632u0644u0647 u06a9u0631u0645u0627u0646 u0631u0648 u0628u0627 u062du062fu0648u062f u062fu0648 u062fu0642u06ccu0642u0647 u062au0627u062eu06ccu0631 u0627u0639u0644u0627u0645 u06a9u0631u062f... It could be better.... it warned  kerman earthquake after  about two minute  late....
u0631u0636u0627 u0627u06ccu0631u0627u0646 u0627u0647u0648u0627u0632 u0628u0631u0646u0627u0645u0647 u0627u0648u06a9u06ccu0647 u0641u0642u0637 u06a9u0627u0634 u0645u0639u0644u0648u0645 u0628u0648u062f u0686u0647 u062fu0642u06ccu0642u0647 1u0628u0627u0631 u0628u0631u0648u0632 u0645u06ccu0634u0647 u0627u0644u0628u062au0647 u0627u06ccu0646 u0622u0644u0627u0631u0645 u0646u06ccu0633u062a u0648u0644u06cc u0645u062bu0644u0627 u0627u0645u0634u0628 u062fu0648u062au0627 u0632u0644u0632u0644u0647 u062au0648 u0627u06ccu0631u0627u0646.u062eu0648u0632u0633u062au0627u0646.u0627u0647u0648u0627u0632 u0622u0645u062fu0647 u062du0633 u0646u0634u062f u0648u0644u06cc u0645u06ccu0634u0647 u062eu0648u062fu0645u0648u0646u0647 u0622u0645u0627u062fu0647 u06a9u0646u06ccu0645 ...u0648u0642u062au06cc 5.6u0627u0633u0641u0631u0632u0647 u0628u06ccu0627u062f u062eu0637u0631 u0632u0644u0632u0644u0647 u0627u0635u0644u06cc u0628u0627u0644u0627 u062au0648u0631u062eu062fu0627 u062du0648u0627u0633u062au0648u0646 u0622u0628u0634u062eu0648u0631u0634u0627u0646 u06a9u0631u0645u0627u0646u0634u0627u0647 u0645u06ccu0634u0647 u062fu0648u0644u062a u0647u06ccu0686 u06a9u0645u06a9u06cc u0646u0645u06ccu06a9u0646u0647 u067eu0633 u0628u0627u0647u0645 u062eu0648u0628 u0628u0627u0634u06ccu0645 u062fu06ccu0634u0628 u062au0648 u06a9u0631u0645u0627u0646 u0632u0644u0632u0644u0647 u0627u0645u062f u0648 u06a9u0631u0645u0627u0646u0634u0627u0647u06cc u0647u0627 u062au0648 u0628u0631u0641 u0628u0648u0631u0627u0646 u0628u06cc u062eu0627u0646u0645u0627u0646 u0634u062fu0646.
u062eu06ccu0644u06cc u062eu0648u0628u0647 u0646u0633u0628u062a u0628u0647 u0628u0631u0646u0627u0645u0647 u0647u0627u06cc u062fu06ccu06afu0647 u062au0648u06cc u06ccu0647 u062fu0642u06ccu0642u0647 u0627u0648u0644 u0632u0644u0632u0644u0647 u0631u0648 u0645u06ccu06afu0647.
Great for an older app..
So far so good.
It's nice.
koya.
is very nice.
Pretty good.
Very good.
Good.
This gives us important info about the country we live in.
Muy u00fatil en estos tipos.
Great apo6.
Its good for just starting out using this type of app.
Love this app first time using it.
Info comes too late.
I like it good information.
Great app. Up to the mi ute i fo.
Awesome app thank you.
Haven't used this completely.
Been faithful so far. Dependable..
The best!!!.
My go to for earthquakes.
Love this app.  To the special individual who thinks it proves Oklahoma doesn't have a lot of quakes, you obviously don't pay attention to the news, new legislation,  or you have your settings too high.  I get alerts almost daily for near me in Oklahoma..
This app doesn't allow you to set a default timeframe for events. It's not clear what it's showing but it looks like it shows events for one day..
Haven't had time to fully explore this app but like having the info re: nearby quakes in a timely manner.
Only had this a few days so it is a bit early to review it properly, I like it so far..
I'm sure I have tried all of them. This seems to be the best. Responds quickly to recommendations for updates. Well done..
Works great. Useful info and sharp maps..
Very easy to use. Shows lots of info..
Does earthquakes app still respond to All Regions? Otherwise it's a fantastic app..
At least the developer should provide a provision in sharing with social media e.g. Facebook ...
Great App. All the info I need !!.
Enjoy the total info you get.
Awesome earthquake app!.
It's a good app love it.
It shows where it happened and how big.
Works flawlessly u263aufe0f.
Very good app..
Very handy.
Nice.
Good.
Excellent app. It helps me to realize that Oklahoma does not have that many earthquakes like the lawsuit lawyers would have a person think..
a very useful app..
Earthquake alert.
Loveeee.
Good.
Why Magnitude doesn't show on the map!!!???.
Not bad Informative.
Very efficient.
Quick updates for new quakes. I'd like slide down to refresh and navigation drawer or bottom nav bar ala Material design.
I had really low expectations of apps like these, but this one is really good. Keep up the good stuff..
Fantastic app, gives you all the info you need and you can get notifications from all around the world.
Shows all Australian earthquakes which other apps don't do.
I shpejtu00eb dhe i saktu00eb.
Helpful.
Living in earthquake country, this is the best app to have!.
Goood.
Hard to see between the banners! It is frustrating to try to enlarge or shrink to see what I need to see around them. Inconvenient at best..
Informative application. You need to have this on your phone to be aware of any earthquakes alerts..
Its an earthquake tracker as advertised and it does exactly what its supposed to..
Does exactly what it's supposed to,  no more no lessud83dudd92.
Really amazing thanx for this app thanx to the crew.
Very useful love this app.
Nice spp..
Great app. Easy to use..
My earthquake  app.
Correct info.
NO.
Like it.
Loved.
Simple. And I forget it's there until I get an alert. Actually considering going pro.
Very good app. However does not shows earthquakes in LatinAmerica. Mexico..
Very informative! Thanks..
Love this ui, information that app provides well organised and detailed..
Accurate account so far.
It's very easy and intuitive. Can help, I think..
5 stars.
Let's you search for earthquakes based on region, magnitude and date range. Provides depth, distance and other info. Push notifications if you want then for countries and magnitudes. Great app!.
Love this app. Always first to report. For Canadians: it's not Jake's app that is slow reporting, it the source of the alert (NRCAN). I use both versions. Thanks Jake!.
Good description and information.  Keep up the good work!.
Would love it if the map stayed local to my area.
Received notification half hour later.
Great app, with correct and on time information.
Love it. Exactly what i need. Love the different options...
Pretty Cool.
Great app!.
Like it..
Like.
It's good to see that Spanish is now supported. I'll be letting all my Hispanic friends in Oklahoma know about this app..
Quite accurate, regular alerts. Good work!.
I want to know where earthquake occur, what is nearby, which region. This app tells me all... Very thank you, developer....
My earthquake is at informative tool to have.
Updated.
Developer: Please immediately block pornographic and sexually suggestive iFunny ads from this app!.
Awesome.
Its 6/10/16 we had a 5.2 earthquake out from Pasadena Ca & this app hasnt even announced it. I felt it early this morning around 1:10 am, but this app...nothing. so in my small opinion. This app doesn't Work!.
The best app I found in the store, beautiful interface and easy to use. Love it.
The most simplest reliable app i have used till now in it's catagory.
I'm good.
I'm uninstalling it.
Useful it for peoples..
Very Informative.
Overall.
Good.....apps.
Great app.
Got new phone, got this back,I feel the trembling at times,I look at this,news TV ,won't say anything for about an hour. Easy to use.
How fast it can report for India, Mayanmar, China, Bangladesh, Nepal, Pakistan area? I look forward to buy pro version but want confirmation if this app can alert realtime for the above regions?.
Even after selecting miles, the notifications still report kilometers..
Surprising how much activity actually going on,scary too.This is among the very best indeed!.
Cool if its true. It gives notifications now and then..
Compare to others it shows more fast.
Install this app. It should be a useful one..
+ nice and correct i like it.
Very useful app.
Useful app.
I like it.
Nice.
Liked it.
Great.
Very good latest quakes thru very quickly.
The Very Best App..
Works great.
OK this is a great idea, I really loved the layout and the map part of it but it freezes every time I look at the earthquakes Status. I have to restart my phone, and the quakes don't show up until 5 - 10  minutes after the fact. Please fix and I will give more stars, but for now I'm moving on..
Love it now oklahoma is hot bed of earthquake activity and we are hearing and feeling them in Arkansas iwant to know instantly where the epicenter of quake is at i get a msg how easy everybody get ready to rumble ive told all my friends about my new favorite app easy to set up and use.
Just had a 4.5 quake over 30 minutes ago and the all has not registered it yet....
Easy to use. After moving to Arizona and leaving family in So. California, best way to stay alert. User friendly app filters, features and controls..
Does what it's supposed to in an efficient and intuitive way. Wish all apps were this easy to use!.
I like this app. It is very helpful and informative..
Gets info re seismic activity in FAST, which is precisely what one needs in a crisis..
My Earthquake alerts gets ***** stars..excellent..
Map showing very late okvery fine.
Living in a frackquake zone, good to know..
Nice app, and I have tried a number of them..
Informative, it goes to my area first..
Doesn't tell time happened.
Does it work without net?or wifi.
Can't get to other screens.
Very good..
Delivers the expected product..
Saving lives one at a Time.
Soumen.
Good appd.
Nice.
Good.
Good.
perfect.
I have had this app for a long time now, works great and no problems. If your looking for an Earthquake app I recommend this one. Thanks guys for a great app and your continued hard work to keep us updated!.
Once I figured out how to set it to give me quakes in my local area, the app is more than adequate for my curiosity..
Didnt show anything from my location. My whole house shook for 40 seconds just an hour ago.
I just want reports within 50 miles, but none of the settings get me that..
Beats some other apps I have tried..
Needs share map to social media  and faster updates.
Like what I see.
I bought the Pro version.
I was hoping for doing it later.
It really works.
I'm love this app.
Would better.
thanks alotoff.
Nice !.
Everything good. But it gives alarm later.
Loads a bit slow, but great settings control and info. Ok I'm uninstalling it. Stupid thing notifies me of all EQs even though I repeatedly set it fo nearby. Also it can be 9 or 10 hours before notification comes through..
Might be my connection, but it can take a hot minute for the list to load below the map. Suggest separating them ... overall a good app..
Excellent app. Very quick results after an earthquake happens..
I like how easy it is to use it..
Great app!  Love the notifications..
App keeps losing my location.
Way to slow in loading.
EAT MORE GMO.
Great app but doesn't send notifications for new quakes..
Help to hearing.
Great App!.
Is good app.
Too late.
Nyc app.
Nice app.
Great App.
Cool.
I love a good earthquake, especially if it is not close.   Being able to keep track of high close they are is comforting.  Thanks..
It works maybe once a day.
Good apps.
My filter is set for all of North America and anything over a 3.0, but I haven't had one alert go off even though there has been multiple quakes in the week I have had the app, one 4.5 just 30 miles from my house. ??? I really wanted to like the app, but when the main function isn't functioning, it's hard to give it more than 2 stars..
This one alerts me pretty well for a few seconds it would not stop alerting had to unstall then install again pretty good thoe way better love this app.
This app has done a good job for me so far. Haven't used any other app's..
But some times take long time to show.
You could see the Hayward fault before it let go.
Everyone should get ready for the BIG ONE! This app is so cool..
Decrease the font - give the map more screen..
Update slow...disappointed in this app.
I am fascinated by this..
no report for Sabah just now? im sorry, untrusted, uninstall..
Like it.
My go to app..
Ok.
i like it....
Like itu21a9ud83dude1a.
Good.
Cool.
Works good.
love it.
superb.
However the country list is not alphabetical (in English at least)..
It's a good app so far.. and please cover all around the world as usual.. thanks.
Workable but not very smart.
Accurate description of events....
Ok.
The app now shares quake data to social media instead of just a link to download the app on your own device. Thanks very much! 5-stars and an IAP from me!.
No malaysia?? Seriously??.
it helped me notify my frns n parents.
it is very important app so i suggest everyone to download.
Provide informations in time..
Nice one but it takes long time compare to others.
not so fast.
Very good.
I love this app but theres a bug in Rate Now dialog box which everytime asks to rate though already rated. I previously rated 5 stars but I edited it now. Cure it..
As mentioned in title..
Keeps me updated awesome!.
This is a great application which I recommend to everyone..
Please add time, how long the quake last.
Very useful and timely updates.
It's ok but update is too late..
It shows earthquake update in few minutes.
Good update but location not very pracise.
Didnt notify me...Other is ok.
Great work and reliable. One should use this it..
Fast accurate and on time.
Keep me update regularlu.
Updates are better thank you.
Best app beleive it.dont download others.
Best amongst other earthquake apps..
Helps a lot. Thanks..
My Earth guake Alert.
niece.
Make  update  fast..
But this the best of free online..
It's too late.
Please configure the customizable settings. The apps good in other departments. Also a better and detailed design can be expected. Good job!.
Helps you stay aware..
Its much helpful for the condition of Nepal..
THUMP UP!.
Specific place indication. Good..
Useful application !.
Great Creation..
Nagware..
Best.
Excellent app.
Good.
great.
Nepal's update are really slow!!!.
U cn tak lots of benefits frm it..
Beat Earthquake apps... i have Tried... !!!....
But not real time..
Good app.
Its ok.
Useful when needed..
Useful.
Outstanding.
A friend in need..
Loved it.
This software is very good.
Very usefull apps.
Very nice app.
Quicker than most,.
Best app..
Should be more faster.
Powerful apps.
Gr8 app.
Nice.
Good app.
Good.
Good.
It is not so quick enough to show the very recent earthquake and the magnitude and epicenter differs from other sources! Why is that?.
It doesn't notify immediately  and I will give 5+ star if it alerts little earlier before earthquake ..
Facing earthquake here in nepal everyday, helps in telling me whether the tremor i feel is really an earthquake or my heart palpitation..
Most informative app for earthquake still need to update timely..
Regular alert checking build up confidence..
Its very informatve and helpful.
just ok. little bit slow.
Don't know how to used this software.
Rating popup is shown every time i open the app.
Not as quick as quake..
The best app in earthquake reporting..
Good application, doing well..
Great ... it 's alert me.
A good apps..
Good software !.
like ittt.
Timely information!@.
Informative n reliable..
Very useful app..
Thanks for the info.
Very good.
good.
Best app.
Rated.
Too good..
Ok.
Very useful.
It is useful.
Good software.
Good.
Lovely.
nice.
Good.
Useful.
loving it.
Nice.
Good.
Delayed update.
Really it's too good, awesome.
Its very informative.
Yes   i   do    love  it.
It's good.
Great Apps.
Good.
Good.
This is one of the useful application..
Intresting.
Great.
great app.
Notification settings don't work. I'd gladly give it 4 stars if it gave me nearby alerts above my minimum threshold. I give me 15 alerts a day about earthquakes in Alaska under my 5.0+ setting..
Couldn't find a way to set a user defined smaller region than North America. I am only interested in the San Francisco bay area..
It doesn't give me any information about the quake it just keeps loading.
Veryyyyy good app I am in lucknow when I see news I shocked and I cannot sleep whole night..
It just Refresh but it doesn't show nothing fix it.
Estoy satisfecha porque tan pronto baje la app me alerto de un sismo. Tambien me gustaria solo poder ver el mapa de PR e informacion. Por eso no di las cinco estrellas..
The ad bar shows up right in the middle of the screen..
Bastante ru00e1pido en informar, lo u00fanico es cuando eliges el lugar no se puede abrir grande y las letras son muy pequeu00f1as para mi... pero lo bueno es q siempre se estu00e1 actualizando con los terremotos. Pues mil gracias al que creo el app..
Its a great app i am sure the features will work with the paid features keep up the good work and keep up on the updates.
Is there a way to change from miles to kilometers? Ah found it, thanks.
Such a highly useful app and I'm loving the usage of Material Design!.
u0935u0948u092fu0924.
Only shows earthquakes in New Zealand.
Real real good thank this keep me safe .. cause I'm scare off Earthquake.
Shows important information about what's shaking in a beautiful way!.
it is ok but it does not show the one noted on usgs website.
I love this app because it will inform me when earthquake will come.
Escelente, nos ayuda a saber la magnitud de lo que sentimos..
Awesome application, is that possible show faults in all regions?.
u06a9u0627u0631 u06a9u0631u062f u0627u06ccu0646 u0628u0631u0646u0627u0645u0647 u0686u0637u0648u0631u0647u061f.
Quake also.
apps great work well.
More info needed.
u0627u06ccu0648u0644  u0647u0645u0647 u0627u06ccu0631u0627u0646u06cc u0647u0627ud83dude02.
Too confusing..
3 Ewwww 3222..
This asp is rely.
Tells everything donwalded.
Thanks for the application its very useful to me and peole.
Great! App...
Good aaps.
Aleart.
Excellent.
The best one.
Great app for instance earthquake alert.
This is a great app! Ads are big! But I get it! I changed my previous review of 1 star to 5 stars because this developer is more involved, and more caring than most devs I've seen! .
I absolutely loved this app until it stopped featuring the number of earthquakes in the last 24 hours and the last week. Please fix it!.
Not honing in on my GPS, ad removal intrusive, changing measurement even after setting preferences. No thanks.
Up to date, accurate and easy to use. I like the reporting feature as well..
One of several great earthquake apps and great support. I like many of the functions and great map. (Although the magnitude is not shown, they are colour coded in ranges to match the notification screen.) I'd like the option of minimum magnitude for notifications to go up to 6. Athough one can scroll past the adds at the top, they are still rather prominent (could it not be  of the size or only seen once in a session?) [Thanks for reply Trinity Tech - there is, see comments above, ta.].
We are having a lot latelly here in puerto rico,specially were i live ,and this app,works fine for me ,thanks.
THANKS! I have been using this application for several months. In March, after the update, they added ads and then the application stopped working properly. At that time I rated it with 1 star. The developer made a new update and now it has worked as before!. It has ads but now it does deserve its 5 stars again! Llevo usando esta aplicacin varios meses. En marzo, despus de la actualizacon le aadieron anuncios y dej de funcionar, pero la arreglaron y ahora es 5 estrellas nuevamente!.
Very detailed and updated quickly.
It the app that offers the best layout of info but has way too many Ads. Annoying... When you are in emergency and stressed you do not want to be looking at and ad before knowing what is happening..
Great app best accuracy it's perfect.
This is a good earthquake alert!.
My experience is good especially when you have loved ones places where earthquakes occur I have my app temporarily remove due to space in my teeth on my device but I'm keeping it right now no matter what I think it's a useful tool and I like it alot.
It was the best app of its type but after the latest update it's broken and only shows ads, no list, no map, no latest. I will have to adapt to other apps because I love in a place where earthquakes are common. A real shame..
Great info. Pretty fast. Freezes up occasionally. Nevertheless, I'm good with it..
Was working fine and then all of a sudden it stopped working. Didnt even register todays 5.0 quake in Puerto Rico..
Too many pop up adds.
Absolutely useless! I've had other earthquake apps and this was a complete waste. Never accurate..
Started working fine but right now the app isn't updating... Just keeps loading and says no earthquake found... please fix....
Worked really well earlier but having a hard time connecting recently:(.
Information is too far apart. The magnitude, date, region, and location is too far apart. As well, the font is too small to read easily..
First its should have local time adjuster or settings. Second report time should work within 5 minutes of incidents if possible. Third alert setting should have buzzer and or vibrator option if possible. App is okay so far. Thank you..
Works quite well, simple to use, can go to more detailed sections. Just what I like and need..
Great app !! I knew it precisely because I felt an medium earthquake today, and I found useful information. Thank you..
Like it's accuracy and speed, just what we need now at Puerto Rico with our new reality..
Really good app. Accurate and fast. It gives you real time events. Love it!!.
Updated and keeps crashing. Too bad, it was a great app..
Easy to read graphics, good app for earthquakes..
Pretty cool, shows real time event's moments after it happens with full details..
Awesome app and easy to use. Love being able to set distance parameters..
First it was working fine, but just now happens a eartquake near Salinas PR and it's not updated!.
Do presidents for letting me know about this earthquake stuff so I never knew Robert has Christmas stuff and we didn't do nothing or anything so thank you for letting us download this so and yes thank you bye.
Appears to be a very good app. Just want to pay to get rid of adds. Haven't found that yet..
Straight to the point. I used to have this app on my iPhone. Simple interface..
Surprisingly this app works well and informative too specially to provided necessary information for Indonesia, earthquake zone..
Very good app. Useful and updates are very fast..
Awesome app and easy to use..thank you earthquake tracker.
Filter is not working as it should.
Easy to adjust. Up to date. Great app!.
It's great fun to use and seems quite accurate ..
Need to be able to adjust the length of time you're able to look back at in the settings..
I love this app, simple but very informative.
Good Job Earthquake Tracker.
Thought I felt an earthquake- installed your app immediately found out I was right immediately after the event..
Best EQ ALERT.
So far great.informative and actual..
I liked the flexibility to get my preferences. The hour though, wasveru difficult to change to my timezone..
Great app. Lets you know before it is on the news!.
Helpful in difficult moments..
Excellent and very fast reporting...
Always on target gives me latest activity Aaa.
Just downloaded the app. Gives me good clear information. Very pleased..
Very specific. Great app!.
Did not note e.q.of June 14,2020 at Bhachau,India 5.1.
IT IS GOOD APP ALERTS ARE ABIT SLOW DUE TO ALOT OF QUAKES LIKE THEM WORKING HARD TO WORK THE APP SO MANY QUAKES GOOD TRYING .
just installed, quick look-around, so far, so good.
Awesome. Specially right now for PR circumstances.
Nice but I will like to have a notification only for my location.
App has intrusive ads..
Works fine,true times...
Instant accurate easy to understand.
Very practicle and completed..
Good app.. great info.
So good so far....
Like what I've seen so far..
Did not receive a notification for a 5.2 one, as requested..
Zelzele ye tehran. Iran 5.1 rishter bod vali application 4.6 gofte.
I does not show the replics and the sismic alerts or maybe I dont know how to find it yet..
Updates up to the moment. Everyone needs to download it into their phones..
Didn't get notification.
Is one app a perfect .
I like it very good..
Useful and practical.
looks nice app!.
So do only.
I do not live in Carlsbad. I live in Fallbrook Ca 92028. Can you fix this?.
Not working. Cant open the app.
It keeps mevuo to date. Love it!!.
Accurate and nice.
its accurate keep it up.
Not bad ,location in Puerto Rico getting notifications.
Keep working in this good app..
Good simple app.
Great data collection .
Nice information to have..
Easy to read. thumps up.
This morning there was a 3.6 in Ca. Not shown on your app..
Works well for me..
It's great, wow!.
Very good app..
Good updated information.
Could not find the earthquake in Utah.
I like it a lot..
I think that's a true application !.
Nice, user friendly app.
Only the way it shows the real time...its not the comun our time!.
Very accurate . Thank you for your help.
Nice idea. And good work..
Don't use it much but living in Anchorage Alaska we need all the help we can get thanks bunches peace out.
I live on the island of Hawaii. your app is great.
its pretty good i mean this is all i could ask for.
Just on time for my use in earth quak un Puerto Rico..
Very cool app!!!.
Up to date information.
You can not set your location.
Very good app.
A week and so far so good..
Still trying app out..
So far so good. Serves my purpose..
Derek. L. Fields. 57..
Very good information!.
No like the inf.
Have not used it yet.
New to app. ..
So far so good..
It keeps you calm!.
The app is excellent.
Great I am updated.
Yeah yeah yeah.
still new to using it.
Like the notifications.
Is the best.
It was good.
So far, so good..
It shows correctly .
For Geology Education purposes.
Great so far.
Works good thanks .
Has never come on.
Slow to detect earthqukes.
Good.
( MIS ALARMAS ).
Nice App.
Works good..
It works.
.
very good.
Verry good.
Great.
Ok.
.
Great.
Ajuste complicado.
Great details.
Ni una notificacin he recibido de los constantes y frecuentes sismos que estamos experimentando en Puerto Rico. Lo programe para que notifique de sismos desde magnitud 3 y nada..
Me gusta estar alerta ante cualquier eventualidad!!!.
Bad app.
Muy bueno.
Muy buena.
On point.
Good app!.
Excellent application!!.
Exelent perfformance..
Great app..
Good app..
Perfect!!!.
Iam happy.
Excellent app.
Great app.
Very Good.
very good.
Very accurate.
Really useful.
Fast response.
Love it ..
Good app .
Interesting.
Acceptable.
Great.
Excellent.
Excellent.
Excellent.
Good.
Excellent.
Ottimo app..
Like.
Super.
ok.
Yay.
Ok.
Ok.
Good one.
Very good.
Very good.
Works great.
Awsome.
Nice.
good.
Nice.
Ok.
Great..
ok.
Great.
Helpful.
Nice.
Good app.
Nice design.
Really good.
Excellent.
nice.
Great.
Desorganisada la info.
Its good.
The best.
Great app.
Very informative.
Cool.
Love it.
Awesome.
Perfect.
Nice.
Excellent App.
Very Good.
good excellent.
Excellent.
like app..
very nice.
perfect.
nice application.
its good.
Good job.
Nice app.
Good app.
very good.
Good
This app is great to have in an earthquake prone area, the notification when there is an earthquake nearby is helpful and the community feedback on an earthquake is also helpful. If an earthquake occur make sure to send a report when you're safe to do so!.
LastQuake is a free, mobile application dedicated to alerting populations and gathering testimonies in real-time when an earthquake occurs. Designed by seismologists, LastQuake is the official app of the Euro-Mediterranean Seismological Center (EMSC). Thanks to the participative action of its users, only a few minutes are needed for the EMSC to estimate earthquake effects and notify the population. [LastQuake is an ad-free app!] AN INNOVATIVE EARTHQUAKE DETECTION METHOD.
It freezes in the area where people leave their comments if there are many comments. Otherwise is fine..
Pretty good but doesn't show the exact number of quakes..
Excellent app very informative and precise I will recommend..
Once you install this and used it for 1 minute you will be itching to uninstall it.
Slick App that is both user friendly and actually works!.
Very useful app! Thank U!.
I've been using this app for years. Best one out there..
I really like this app a lot. I like the interface, the graphics, and the info it gives. But sometimes it doesn't work like I expect it to. At times, some of the smaller aftershocks I was tracking disappear from the list. When I set it to only quakes near me, sometimes it still gives me info for places that are on the other side of the world. Sometimes it doesn't display at all. I've tried some other apps, but I keep coming back to this one. I just wished it worked more consistently..
I installed this, because it looked great. I live in southern California where earthquakes happen everyday. However the app does not want to use my GPS. the app has access to my location full-time in my settings. My phone knows where I am, so I don't know why the app isn't collecting that information. It has my time zone correct. but unless this was the first time in history that there haven't been any earthquakes in CA, I'm going think this app is not maintaining. Uninstalling now..
Excellent! I downloaded this right after my local news announced an earthquake, and sure enough, it showed up as the most recent quake plus all the pertinent details!! Clear, concise, vivid colors, super easy to use. Many thanks Developers, important in my area as we have had several small ones the past few years. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!!.
Great and usefull app. However it tends to lag after quake happens due to high traffic generated by users near current quake. Custom report is usefull feature but it gets abused by people which tends to use it for chats which often escalates into flame wars who felt it or not. Some trolls also tends to flood it with insults. Thanks for providing your service for free..
I live at the "T" intersection of a busy road. Many times I catch myself saying, "hope that wan a truck and not the"big one". Now I can know for certain! The app is easy for this old geezer to use. It is also amazing to be made aware that there are so many earthquakes. I enjoy looking up the many places the app mentions. Our planet is an amazing, active world and it is a delight to know more about it.
Well thought out. No gimmicks! I found it very useful when I rolled off of my bed during a 5.3 in Tehran. Was able to find out quickly what was going on.... on a human note it kind of felt reassuring to see all the other reports... you immediately feel a little relief knowing that there are others who just shared the same experience..
All round this is a good straight-forward app. In an earlier review I asked if it was possible to apply the intensity filter to 'All' or at least 'Significant' but the reply was that this was too ambitious. So unless this has been updated, its 4/5 rather than 5/5. Thanks anyway..
So far it's working good. The app needs to remember your location better as you view the map of quakes. It is informative, provides good earthquake alerts of local quakes. Easy to learn how to use..
I really love this earthquake app. It's all professional & NO advertisements. I live in Southern California, where the ground shakes every other day. I feel a little safer with your Tsunami info & warnings. My only problem with this app is the type of font used is difficult to read on my android phone. I have told my friends & family to keep this app on their celluar devices. I truly recommend this app to anyone who lives on shaky ground. My last note to the developers, I appreciate your work..
Have had this app for a short period of time, thus the rating. LastQuake up to this point has been AWESOME! In another few months or so, I'd like to opine again on the rating. If applicable, at that time, will rate accordingly. Selected more for "LastQuake" forecasting, than anything else. I do recommend this app at this time..
So far, the information provided by the app has been very reliable and seems to be spot on. Only rated at 4 Stars since I've only had this app for a short period of time . Though, I do recommend this app. UPDATE: Changed to a 5, since I really like the level of information provided. Keep up the GREAT work. .
installed on 2 devices: App wasn't working for a couple days on either device, then started working ok again. All this during a terrifying period of seismic activity 10 miles away. Earthquakes are uncertain, need a reliable app. Like the comments feature, hearing from others surrounding a quake. Response time of notifications after a quake is pretty fast. Need to allow user to select a date range to view local seismic history for at least a 1-month period: add used history control please!.
Fantastic app.Two days ago we had a 5,4 earthquake in Zagreb,Croatia at 6:21 am.I installed this app,and when I think I felt a tremor or shaking ,I check the data in this app. I love it.You can leave a comment,see how others perceived the tremors and shakes. And it's connected to Twitter. Thank you for creating this app, it's magnificent.
If I submit a report right after a quake, it won't get logged. I must wait until the quake is listed to report it. Reported this bug twice in 2019, now in 2020, no fix. Yesterday, report made right after quake was not posted. Re-post with note appeared quickly. This morning, that quake is no longer listed! But a 1.5 quake in Croacia is listed! My aettings are 3.0 "near me", and 4.0 "world". What's up with this app? It is no longer reliable, and I revised my rating down..
We just had our biggest earthquake in Utah in over 25+ years and we been dealing with aftershocks since. This app helps us identify the ferocity of these quakes and puts us at ease knowing the after shocks are lower than the initial quake. Awesome tool to keep on hand and share with family and friends. Highly recommend. Easy interface. Puts mind at ease in a way. Thank you guys.
LQ tells me when some quakes have happened near me, but it doesn't seem to show all if them. My daughter told me about this app. On her phone it shows more quakes near us than it is showing on mine, and she only lives 15 miles away. Some others from our area will show up in the All section, tho they don't show up on the Near Me section. But generally I like this app, and like that it shows the strength of each quake..
Great app. I have been using this app since the constant earthquakes in PR. I really like that it inmediatly notifies me when earthquakes occurs. The only negative is that it delayed a couple of seconds to notify when the earthquake was bigger than 5+magnitud. 2 times the app didn"t open. Had to restart the cellphone..
Great app. Maybe to add option where you can see all the earthquakes in country for last year..
Uninstalled this earlier today as it wasn't showing anything and there had been a small quake not too far from me. The app was not showing anything so I uninstalled then reinstalled but its still blank. installed again today but it's still not working. It just seems to be loading all the time. 28th January 2020.
I like this app, it's always online doesn't get bogged down by traffic like the uofu seismic site . Love the photos you have to choose. Great app.
Fast, accurate and clean display. We had an earthquake last evening, and I got the initial report in seconds..
Very very useful but also a buggy app. Exactly in case of a lot of messages, scrolling becomes impossible and app freezes. I fixed and detailed my review in order to help developer because app is as I said very useful. Edit: Search option in future would be great..
It's a good app but I would love it if I could put in a city and state or country rather than having to search through so many listings to find a country that I want also would be great if I could put in a date and location to search for a quake that I knew happened so I could put in my experience..
Very reassuring to have such a reliable source of information so easily available in these (literally) turbulent times. Thank you for all you do. Edit: Any chance of being able to mark an event as spam/fake? I've seen earthquakes reported in locations such as "Croatia/Romania" and "Croatia/Panama" which is obviously impossible..
Seems to be a good application but not precise on location! We had a 5.6 quake in Taiwan  (Republic of China) not in province of China! Taiwan is not China.
It would be five star if the earthquake magnitude is aligned with the official number measured in my country. EDIT: After such a quick reply from authors and explanation about typical uncertainty on magnitude measurement, it is definitely 5 stars! :D Keep up the good work, and maybe it would be great to do something about comments section, at least those for Croatian quakes are at moments full of nonsense information and trolls. ;-).
Helps in diagnosing aftershocks after a major earthquake. Shows info after an earthquake happens almost live and asks for the feedback. Only issue is the slowness of the app since the servers are overloaded, but the twitter account is good alternative then..
This app helped me a lot after a big quake in Zagreb. It's really useful to have fast information available on hundreds of aftershocks..
It gives accurate information about where earthquakes happen most of the time, if you can improve the application as performance and appearance then it is worth ten stars, not five..
Definitely alerts you as to eq over a certain measurement and is within a close distance to your location, within minutes.
Doesn't detect all the earthquakes in a specific location but still very useful for tracking the stronger ones. The go to source ill keep on using. Also great at customer support. I recommend to all :).
Works great, there were some slowdowns recently due to server loads which is understandable following the Zagreb earthquake, but the app was up and running in no time. Kudos to the whole team, keep up the great work!.
Great app especially in these times of trouble, you can check the quakes that shook you and where the epicentre was . App has some GPS problems in failing to locate on my phone but that could be the device problem not the apps. Overall 4/5 rating. Great work!.
Have only had the app for a day. Liked my other one - Earthquake Tracker - better, but it crashed after 5 yrs..
Best app, minimalistic design, no advertisements, quality info, very accurate and up to date!.
It sometimes takes a long time for a quake to show up in the app. I'm in Magna, Utah, and we've had a busy week since Wednesday, 18 March 2020, when we had 5.7 mag quake first thing in the morning. We've had a bunch of aftershocks since and they vary from a few seconds to several minutes as to when they appear in the app. Overall, I feel good about the app!.
I'm really glad to have this app. I live in SLC- where we experienced a small earthquake. When I've felt aftershocks - it's comforting to see it on the app. It makes it a lot less unnerving..
Showing notification for small distant earthquakes. I don't need to know that a 3.5 happened 90km away from me. I set the "near me" setting to M4+ but it seems like it doesn't work for notifications..
App worked great for 3 weeks. Now I am not getting alerts and it freezes up..
Easy to use interface, no ads, and great information..
I look to this app for prompt quake news globally. It does help where, what time, how strong the shaking was as I have relatives and friends around the globe. Keep up your great job LastQuake..
This particular earthquake app shows many more quakes than others that I have tried. And I really like the function where you can read first-hand accounts of what it felt like close to the epicenter..
Accurate but not so fast. For example an earthquake happened around Athens, Greece 45 minutes and it's not still recorded. I was on the phone with somebody there while it happened..
This is a must have app. They cover the whole wide world in their radar or sonar should I say. Excellent work Team LastQuake..
Alerts enabled, notifications allowed, never alerts with auditory or visual, only good for manual database access..
Just great. Gives the real time info about earthquakes all over the world. Informative and praxtical, if your dear ones or your property is close to quake area..
Alerts are not immediate. You receive the alert normally within 15 minutes of the earthquake occurence. Other than that is a very good application..
The app works and looks ok, they should really have better servers, of course it's going to have high traffic when earthquakes are happening and that's when the app really should work..
After earthquake in Zagreb, on 22.3.2020, LastQuake became my favourite application. I am visiting it every time when I am not sure if it was shaking again or I went crazy. Many Croats downloaded this application and felt hundreds of eatrhshakes and went crazy too..
Easy to access/ identify & report seismic activity world-wide. Very helpful for confirming your feelings & understanding why your pets just sounded the alarm! I like the mapping & global access too.
Excellent app for keeping track of recent earthquakes! Special thanks to Fred!.
It works great when it works, but most of the time when I open the app, it looks like it is loading data but after a couple of minutes nothing happens, it seems like it is stuck loading data..
Looks good, but doesn't work when it has bigger traffic..
Great app. Its my favorite! And it doesn't force you to give up your personal info..
This app is useless. There was an earthquake in Junction City, Kansas at 4:28 a.m. Central Time on 09/14/18 and I used this app to report it. Then I waited, and I waited, and I waited to read it on this app as a proven, certified, documented, legitimate earthquake. It's still not listed on this app as of 11:35 p.m. Central Time on 09/15/18. Yet, in my local newspaper they verified it was a 2.6 magnitude earthquake through the U.S. Geological Survey website. What is the point of this app? How is tgis app helpful? It's a waste of time and effort. It's not even accurate when an earthquake (that I reported over 24 hours ago) hasn't even shown up in this app ahead of the local newspaper, and it STILL hasn't shown up in this app. I am uninstalling tbis app. Thanks for the chance to give it a try, though..
Remove testimonies' option for Albania earthquake reports. The people won't change, so you have to change your policy. And, for what it matters, remove that option for Croatia eq reports, too..
I tried other apps, trying keep track of the earthquakes in Puerto Rico. I really love this app, easy to understand, informative, I appreciate it..
4 stars are because there is one thing missing - ability to filter out or set my location without the GPS turned on. Otherwise, it's a fantastic app.
Great free and ad-free app for tracking earthquakes. You guys provide a great service and everyone should thank you for it. Also, don't mind all the nitwits who live in FB world and don't know how to interact with anything else..
Love the lay out and the ease of information I can find. App is clean and simple to use. It doesn't have a lot of clutter to filter through..
Pretty good app for yracking quakes. Controls are a bit temperamental but woeks well, otherwise..
Best app. ever. I look several times a week to see where quakes are in the world and locally.
Have been using this for over a year now and, I believe, previously rated 5*. However, having recently experienced a total loss of notifications, due to your hardware issues, I uninstalled it. I decided to reinstall to check it out again, it's a great app, and I missed it. I'm rating 4* for the time being though until I'm satisfied all is resolved. Will happily give 5* again at that point. .
It's a great little app, I love that there are no ads, it's very easy to use, but location is off. Edit: GPS still can't locate me. I've gone outdoors, turned GPS off&on, opened the app 1/5 times it will locate me, once I'm back indoors I start receiving alerts from across the globe. I'm in the Philippines, my cell is a Samsung Galaxy S9. It would be nice if we had an option to enter our location manually..
App was not working due to huge number of requests from Zagreb but they fixed it. Updated my rating. The app is probably the quickest of all the earthquake apps but it could use a redesign :p.
Good! Please make some improvements for contrast of backgrounds and fonts because this app is in critical moments important! Best Regards!THANKS FOR THE PROMPT ANSWERING! I SENT IT TO YOUR CONTACT CENTER!.
Decided after the big quake here on 11/30/2018 and so many aftershocks it would be nice to have an app for quicker info when I am not near a computer.  This app has been pretty good at catching every aftershock that meets the settings I have. It's easy to set up for my own preferences. It is easy to post a "felt it" report. It also overrides the phones silence settings to notify of a quake. Handy, but annoying in the middle of the night when I actually slept through the quake. There is a delay in getting the mm information, but that is normal with any quake reporting site, including the USGS..   One thing I don't care for is the addition of the distance from towns that don't make any sense. A quake may be 8 miles from me here in Alaska, but the first 2 listings for location are something like "1338 mi NW of Vancouver, Canada" and "506 miles W of Whitehorse Canada", then the Alaska location, only 8 miles from the epicenter. Why even list towns so far away? My settings are for 186 miles from me, I don't need to see about a town a thousand miles away from the epicenter, especially on a little 2.5 that they wouldn't feel at all (I don't even feel them and I am right on top of them)..
Why is the app telling me that it can't retrieve my current position even though it's on? Not able to figure out what I need to do to make this happen. Trying to view EQs "Near Me" and can't because of this. Using wi-fi tablet only with a very strong connection. Seemed to work fine before the Android Pie update. Now, when I open the app the page is dark and there's a spinning circle at the bottom. Have screenshot. Thanks for the replies! Works great now!.
Great app, simple user interface and easy to use. Although when I installed it this morning the website and the app were down. Also from the other reviews and tweets found out that this is happening frequently lately. Thanks for the response, you are right about that, I just read that you are a non-profit org, so sorry about that. Keep up the good work, I will Donate and spread the word for Donations.
I have had good luck with the app most of the time but two earthquakes near me are missing in the "all" "significant" and "near me" fields. They are 4.0 and 2.7 magnitudes near Filmore, UT at approx 04:00 UTC on 04/14. They were felt by those in the area and made the statewide news. I checked shortly after they occurred so well within the 6 hrs. Local date & time was April 13 9:59 PM (M4.1) & 10:09 (M2.7). That is April 14 03:59 & 04:09 UTC..
Awesome app, keeps me updated, and the developer gets a high five. It would have more starts if possible. And to the developer thanks for the thanks..
THIS is a great app! It registers quickly and accurate..
This ap providesnotifications for earthquakes. Some are close to where I live. It's nice to have an easy way to get rapid information on earthquakes near here..
I've a Samsung Note9 and this app says no gps seen, but it is on! I read that someone else with a Note9 had the same problem  I'm giving you more info of the "GPS claim must be outside to use" That should have NO bearing on the use of GPS feature as I use it for many apps, including the Earthquake Network which is excellent. It has no difficulties w/location mentioned the other Note9 owner with same issue of GPS claim pop up. The updates from Earthquake Network are what makes it more efficient.
Excellent informational up-to-the-minute app. Have had no glitches in the 8-9 months I've had this installed..
Please allow user enter coordinates. It is not hard to implement. And second, right now 24.3.2020 whole day I got only blank pages on all three panels..
it's been working the best for me. I've been using this for a good 3 years now and no problems. and very, very, very extremely accurate. completely up to date with latest shakings. the 7.1 of July 5th,i felt the Earth moving and saw my phone light up from this app. quick and reliable, i love it..
I downloaded this when I was in Bali last July /August when we were feeling the quakes in Bali. Kept me up-to-date. Look at It often to see what is happening around the world. Had a glitch couple of weeks ago and couldn't see anything. Downloaded some others but didn't seem as good. Tried this one again and it was working. Friend had same issue.
if an earthquake hits. I look at my phone first and this app has already notified me of when, where, preliminary magnitude and numerous others facts. this is my go-to app. I have other earthquake apps this is the first one that notifies me. thank you for making an app which can save lives help people and make a difference thank you..
Good app,but sometimes it doesn't show the right magnitude,however it is useful for warning people about tsunami..
Very informative, and timely. No problems whatsoever..
9/13/2019. See 9/12 A new user to this app, but pleased so far. As a geologist it is a quick and accurate source of recent seismic information. Will rerate it later after a month's use. 9/12/19 Please explain why your app now loads with a request to have access to everything on my phone? Have you been hacked? If it doesn't go away I'm going to delete your app and warn everyone it is suspicious. If you've been hacked, you need to fix it. I like your app and would not want to delete it..
Good info on quakes. They send alerts when requested, you can see remarks from people who felt the quake and can see quakes near you. I originally gave this a 4 star as all apps need improvement. Then I noticed that the developer responds to all the reviews, I'm very impressed by that so I gave it a 5..
Can not enable Location. See: MyShake, using cellphone, without account. GPS works for other apps. You seem to have an initialization of variables problem, for first time users. The work-around which worked was to "force stop" "clear cache" "clear user data" , in settings "enable location", then start app. However when I open global map, it opened centered on Gabon instead of near where I am, yet when I manually moved to my location, there was a pin, & local quakes are now listed. It Now Works.
Fastest reporting. Accurate. Easy to read. I have 3 apps, this one is my fav..
Great! When I feel something, I like to know what's going on and it has worked (like the one last night)..
I've been watching the earthquakes and noticed they are dumbing the app. It's tracking takes the quakes down after posting and also registered a quake here in AZ at a 5.4 I believe and then within minutes took it off all together. Very weird. so with this in mind I took my 4 stars to 2. The information needs to not change after putting it up and I have been using this app for a couple of years now..
Not as useful as the CSEM EMSC website earthquake data. On this app, it would be helpful to see Depth, Longitude and Latitude on the list screen. Ability to descending sort on Depth would be helpful. I have been using an app Earthquakes Tracker that graphically shows sublunar point at event time. On your app, if sublunar and subsolar point at event time are available in the earthquake data detail that would be helpful..
Of its kind it's the best I tried. It's not perfect but it has almost everything it should. As a 'con' would be the distance to epicenter: you cannot choose any other distance in between 500 and 1000km. And there's nothing mentioned about the scale: is it Mw or ML? I guess 5stars would be ok also..
App won't load pictures or maps. It was working Great then stopped.
This app is very very good - nice and simple - easy to use - has all the info l need (l spend a lot of time in Indonesia, so have felt many quakes - in Melbourne, Australia, hardly any) ... so this is my go-to app for quake info (always very quick - within a couple of min max) ... keep up the good work !.
One jssue is that the app stops responding when there are lots of testimonies (eg 1000) for an earthquake and you try to read them. Maybe have it only load the first few comments on the page, then load more as you scroll down? other than that, excellent, useful app with reliable notifications about earthquakes..
Crashes too often, tested on multiple phones... Notifications scroll by themselves, cmon. Doesnt matter if its free, trash in containers is also free..
does not use location. using a samsung galaxy note 9. gps is on but app says it cant retrieve current location. hope you fix. in southern california so it is a needed app Response to Dev reply. GPS was on and i was outside. Closed app and restarted phone. still couldnt retrieve current location. 24 sats in view 16 being used, gps ok with other aps. using Galaxy Note9 on verizon with Android 9, kernel 4.9.112 & June 1st security patch. phone is stock (no mods, not unlocked).
good app with details on location and strength of quake's plus witness reports. supposed to email notifications of quakes but only received one report. Update to first post. Living in Bali ATM. Last few days has been numerous quakes centred to the north west of the island. Was some panic in Denpasar area. Did not receive one email notice as proclaimed to happen each time a quake happens in your area..
Needed an app after having a big quake. It's very helpful & let's me know the other quakes around the world, love it!!.
I like to keep up with earth's movements this app is good for that. I like the map and the text people leave..
I like it, except map type coordinates would be nice..
Great app! Works well, very informative, and has no ads! If you are located anywhere that has ever encountered ground tremors (aka earthquakes), big or small, this is a very handy information tool to have with you at all times..
i tried various ways to swith on my location (outside) then open the app, open the app then switch on the location (I'm in the Ft. Lauderdale, Fl. area) but when i click earthquakes near me, i get them thousands of miles away. Also, i dont get the alerts. I have my data on, (but not location on usually), set my minimum earthquake to 5.0, distance from earthquakes at 6,000 miles plus or none, but i don't receive the alerts even though there has been earthquakes happen within those parameters..
Great and useful app, helped alot during the Albanian earthquake. Even though I understand that You have only one IT guy working on this app, I would recommend him work a bit on the UI and make the UI a bit modern (the colors look like android 4.0). But still a great app and great idea. Keep up the great work! :).
I requested to be notified only of local quakes but I get notifications of everywhere in the world. I felt two quakes last night which the app denies happened..
App stopped working. Edit: to the developer my response is I ended up uninstalling the app because it never did work properly. I put it up against the volcanoes and earthquakes Discovery app and my notifications with that new app were much faster and more accurate. There were many notifications that came in on the new app that were missed with your app. I was using your app while on the ground at the Ridgecrest earthquake both is 6.4 and the 7.1 and was receiving notifications with the new app..
It is a great app for earthquakes and im still keeping it . I'll give it a 4 star rate cose the respond time gets delayed sometimes..
Really good app! Provided us with lot of information,answered on all our questions! In track with all earthqakes in Croatia! Thank you!.
Best application for fast information on earthquakes You are a massive help to whole city of Zagreb during this hard times, thank you so much for all the hard work! Keep it up!.
Inexplicably stopped working at some point. I had another app, so I've removed this one. Edit. Reinstalled it FOR THE 3RD AND LAST TIME!!! It STILL claims not to know my position. I've checked permissions and it is allowed to know my location. There is no way to TELL IT my location, so it has apparently lost its mind. Google Maps knows my position in under 3 seconds. Doesn't work if I'm outside, either. This app USED TO WORK. NEED WAY TO TELL IT WHERE I AM. EVERY OTHER APP HAS NO ISSUES..
I downloaded this app to keep track of the earthquakes that are happening in Puerto Rico but it keeps telling me it can't retrieve my location is there anyway it can be solved?.
It tells the story quickly, easy to use, great resource..
An app you hope you won't need but when you do it rocks!!.
I live in an area, that until recently was NOT prone to earthquakes. The application gives accurate information in short order..
Super fast and simple app. Exactly what we need for this time of content. Congrats .
Purposely does not allow you to enter a GPS position . Treating customers as if they have no friends in other countries. Greatly reducing customer base..
I can not verify the correctness of the information presented on earthquakes since I've never noticed a quake and I hope I NEVER will. But the app is very nicely done and the data looks reasonable. I hope I never have to pick this up to share my experiences..
No ads!!! I like the settings for distance and depth of quakes. Also like the map to show where it happened. Waiting to see if I'll get an alert if there is a quake close to me! Thanks for a nice app .
i have been watching this app for some years as we lived in a quake area and have always found that it gives very accurate earthquake forecasts.
Very quick to report. Super easy to use app..
An excellent tool for tracking earthquake data. Clean interface too!.
Is a great app but the only problem is not being able to see it in Spanish you guys should add the language for others that dont speak English.
Easy to use. Like that it alerts me when an aftershock happens..
Love this app that shows you exactly where it's at and how long each earthquake was between each other.
A decent app that updates promptly, however my location is not accurately represented. Because of this I am loathed to submit further reports as this surely won't give an accurate representation of where quakes are felt. Please include an option to override location manually..
A very useful application. It keeps you up to date with exact information and graphics on the latest eartquake activity worldwide, and particularly in the Mediterranean..
App is useful but it always shows higher amplitude of the earthquake than it really is..
Very good app. I like to follow what the tectonic plates are doing around the world. Another resource for the tool box when developing community emergency response plans..
I dont know if it does what it says because it refused to work without my email address. Nope. Uninstalled. If you need it for reports, ask for it when we report. Otherwise its just another way for spammers and scammers to get us. Whatever your intentions, these things always leak..
I find it a useful app for keeping track of quakes...major quakes pop up in notifications like an sms which I like a lot.
Demands use to location (device GPS) and will not allow you to manually input location Demands you provide email to get full use of the app. Too many unnecessary demands Uninstalled.
We had the earthquake on 22nd March in Zagreb. I installed this application after that and I find it very useful.
Very good, but it sometimes gets stuck when theres a big earthquake.
This is the only app of this type that I've used. It seems to work well and do what it is supposed to..
It's almost instant. A lot faster than the Geological Service.
Sometimes it takes a long time to load details about earthquake..
Nice app cuz of no adds and map features...but the last two big California quakes are not listed. Why?... UPDATE: I set distance from me to none and set max mag to 5 and the 7.1 in So. Cal is listed. So I'll give 5 stars since this is a really nice quake app. And thanks for no ads..
I edited my review, I initially had trouble with the location setting, but this may be independent of the app. Everything seems to work fine, and the list updates well now. Thanks to the dev for the answer still..
Been using it since the quakes in PR and its been a good source of update and info..
a written description of an EQ will show on "significant" and "all" but may not show on the global map..
Love this app. Think good for safety. just felt big earthquake in Cebu. Good to quickly see where epicentre is so know if Tsunami risk or if necessary to go to safe area. we could see 200kms away in Samar so knew were were not at risk..
Easy to access last earthquake anywhere in a fast way! Can choose to see if an earthquake happened near your area!.
great app. super informative. now I can see exactly what I felt and not think I am losing my mind. also allows you to see what other people have felt at the same time as you..
Works great! We felt the 7.1 quake to yesterday's 6.4 foreshock in California. It came up on the app as we were feeling it. Love it! Color coded very well..
Informative app - useful especially for those of us who live in earthquake zones. Simple format enable quick checking of details and the 'alert' facility is a great way to find details of quakes located locally..
Nice app. Keeps you current with latest quakes within a reasonable time..
Seems to work well except that it seems to lose my location pretty easily. It hasnt given me a warning yet which is fine because there hasnt been an earthquake nearby!.
Great App. Let's you also read other ppl' s comments, as well, as posting your own. You can even send in pictures or videos. Keeps you informed where the earthquake was at, and nearby cities, states.
Sucks. Freezes and freezes. Doesn't shows anything, i go to terms of use to agree and guess what, freezes again..
could not get past the terms and conditions.  Ok not sure what happened but I had tried a couple of times. I tried again and it works like a charm - ! I suspect it was a weak signal..
Fantastic for what i need,gives you accurate and up to date information very handy app if need know information in regards to earquake.
Simple. Easy. Clean. Its hard to refresh and freezes when refreshing. Needs a restart as a workaround. Nevertheless the best for what is supposed to do..
Great app. It is detailed and information filled reports..
Unusable app, nothing is showing, no information just empty screen.
Very good and most of time accurate with information.
Hi thank you! it just took a little extra time to update the gps than normal. It's working properly now. Thank you very much for your reply!.
I really enjoy using the zoom part of the app. Checking out areas up close intrigued me..
Unable to detect small earthquake in indonesia especially on maluku. Better Looking another earthquake app. I talk about earthquake on Ambon, maluku indonesia in past 3 weeks indonesian seismology center (BMKG) detect more than 1.000 earthquake event (include small and big) happend on Ambon, maluku. But your app only detect 2-3 earthquake event. If you dont know where is ambon maluku maybe you can find it on google maps..
Very accurate and info comes fast. I miss the tsunami warning tough..
We in Croatia are extremely grateful for this app. We were really afraid last 5 days hawing around 80 earthquakes, and no useful info apart this app. First quake was just 5.5 but destroyed seriously center of croatian capital since it was just 10 kilometers deep. One 15 years old girl is dead. Thank you..
Prompt response by developer to a blank screen (no data loading) issue that I was facing with the app for some time. Solved by clearing both cache and app data in phone settings. Thank you..
Useful information. There is no way to configure filters to view events for a specific region or time. and the interface could be better :).
Good app. It seems very accurate and quick information on the latest earthquake. I had the possibility to check during the last 2 days when a strong earthquake and many others hits Adriatic Sea and Albania.
Very good and useful app. Help me track earthquakes in my city surrounding, and this is very important for me because I live on last floor in 23 floor building and i feel very vell every earthquake :).
Very easy and intuitive to see and track latest earthquakes and to report latest one you felt via simplified images.
after 5,4 magnitude near me started to uae this app, great software, easy to use, great & accurateinfo.
Excellent for up to date reports and location through various Maps..
I have notifications on but I never hear one when there is an earthquake..
Excelent reaponse and precision. Sometimes app crashes when trying to update live reports.
Easy to use ,great information. I recommend this app for all ages as well..
they hid the 2019 Sylvain lake, Alberta, Canada. 5.0 just like the USGS, i reported it but it was never listed on any sites or apps! If it is now listed, it took over 2 weeks!! I reported it, and 5 days later still didn't get posted. Then was DOWNGRADED to m4.3. I'm downgrading this garbage app!.
Would be nice to be able to zoom in on maps and an option to get all comments in English. Otherwise it's a great app for all the info. You require. Love it..
The app is simple, intuitive and easy to use. User interface is well-designed. However, there are no notifications for devices and this is a shortcome..
it is a very good ap to keep track. I will give 5 stars when the up date of the seismic activity will appear in less than 4 min from the event. keep up the good work. cheers..
it is not loading the information, it only comes out loading but no information comes out, it goes blank, it's a good app but they need to fix it please.
Love to know what is happening in the area. Such good info with maps as well..
Most of the time it doesn't work in terms it never loads content.
Brilliant site, informative,easy to use,better than other sites..
Is very accurate but sometimes it takes a moment before it registers.
No spam or other bull....., it does all it needs to do properly and without problems. As a sailor for me a very good app to keep a eye on tsunamis in west Pacific and around Indonesia..
A valuable app which provides in real time what happens with earthquakes. It help a lot with necessary and potentially life saving information. EQ is my #1 app!.
Nice but sometimes it doesn't show the magnitude of an earthquake.
Very informative app, very useful, definitely worth a very long shelf life because earthquakes will not stop (they don't even know they are called earthquakes).
Total failure. It was great until it simply stopped showing earthquake data. I tried clearing my device of cache, files etc, restarting my device, uninstalling and reinstalling, nothing. I found another one..
Gives nice updates on activities while not being too intrusive..
Great app, helps during these sad times. Thank you..
I have installed multiple earth quake applications. Also have uninstalled them. LastQuake is the best by far! Better info and quickly, better maps, and options..
Thank you! Brilliant App. Tracked my M7.0 quake adventures in Lombok Indonesia and the swarm here in Western Australia. Thank you so much for a great app, EMSC CSEM. Totally recommended App. 5 Stars..
Very easy setup and easy to use. Fast notification of quakes. Great features..
Its a useful app but it takes too much time to load. I need to see if there was any earthquake and i should wait for the app to load. Come on you can do better..
Nice app. Fast earthquake info...just if you could lower the nitification volume, it seems to be unaffected from the phone's volume adjustment..
Good interface. Good depth..
Yes i too got the white screen , so hes right,, but i hit menu ? Went to global map then back to home page and it was gone , might be a front page glitch,,, other than that ok ,,, a 3 d global map would be cool????.
I am in Haiti currently and surprised at how fast the app updated on the earthquakes I felt. Really helpful to get the info so fast..
LOVE THIS APP!! I like keeping up w/quakes in certain locations; especially So. Calif.; Ore; Wash; Alaska; Hawaii; Ring of Fire, etc..
does what it says but there are earthquakes all the time somewhere!. I didn't give this five stars as I havent had it long enough to see it work!.
THANK YOU, EMSC, for all the work that you do, even if your app does crash from too many frightened people trying to use it at once  that only shows how trusted you are as a source of information in these scary events..
I think this one and the volcanoes and earthquakes app are the two best that I've tried out so far. pretty quick and accurate.
Not the most intuitive nor responsive user interface but it is very accurate and does its job well..
Buggy and it keeps freezing and crushing. Maybe is not polished yet for my new Samsung Galaxy A70, or there's an issue with this series, but I can't use the app..
It doesnt work properly! Im refreshing it and it doesnt show anything. Im in a country with continuosely earthquakes right now and it is not giving me the information I need!.
Love it. Always has all the info. You need on the spot. Also many links to possible tsunami threats around the World..
Good Concise functional App for purpose. Would like to have a pinch zoom for map showing more detail of earthquake Epicentre. Currently very difficult to see on a small phone screen..
For those people here in Puerto Rico and other places, STOP bashing apps because it takes 7 minutes or whatever to notify you. Do not expect any app or anyone on this planet to tell you beforehand that there was an earthquake or that it JUST happened. That's just not how it works. Be thankful that these apps exist and stay safe. No pretendan que un app les diga al instante que un terremoto sucedio, esto no funciona asi. 7minutos o 15 minutos, al menos estas al tanto. No hay manera de predecir.
Always useful but notification comes after 1hrs for eq.
UPDATE: Thanks for your reply. I actually see a message at the top of your site, now. For me, this is still the best app of its kind, so many thanks for making it available..
I love this App! Very grateful that I found this App and can be aware of seismic activity around the world - 24 hours a day..
Finally found what I was looking for. I'm almost frustrated scouring playstore to find the perfect app for me that really works..
It's a great app, sometimes I wake up thinking was this a small earthquake, and I have something to just look it up quickly.
It would be excellent if the app had some sort of alarm when detecting quakes nearby, especially when quakes happen during night, that could help a lot thank you..
I like the feedback on what people say, and your map could use a little bit up grade for a I phone to scroll.
It's just the very best! It can't get more accurate than this. And this accuracy means safety. Thanks a lot.
Im in usa but have many friends overseas in Philippines..So it is a great tool for me to optain the warnings and i share the app with my friends.. Thank You for this great natural disaster prevention tool.. Highly recommended.. *****.
Doesnt work right for me...i can only see terms of use link.....
It's really educational and it gives you alerts of earthquakes near you. I'd just wish that they would update the UI.
Great app! I especially love seeing the reactions of people who felt the earthquakes..
Extremely valuable app which provides necessary and potentially life saving information. EQ information is relayed quickly and living in an EQ prone area, this is my #1 App..
Sometimes it doesn't load for a few minutes. It's frustrating..
It's accurate and easy to follow. Very good app!.
The best EQ app I've found seems to be very current. Love it..
Accurate, immediate information. Love this app. Gives pause for thought...and preparation..
Like I said before, this wasn't the first attempt to install your application! I've tried multiple times but it was unsuccessful. I don't know what rating you expect from me when I cannot even install the application. Maybe you should focus more on your obtaining new resources than to waste your time replying on my comments. Here is a rating 3 cause I'm in a really good mood, if you think it will help you with your internal issues that have absolutely nothing to do with me..
Last night the app crashed it was not functional for about 30 min. At around 04:00 hrs. When earhtquake occurred in Albania..
Looks great and easy to use however hard to understand. Which are down or up grades You don't show all of the US quakes according to USGS..
I like being able to see how big the aftershocks are after the Alaska 7.0 earthquake. It is easier to see on the App than to try to find it online. It is interesting the ones we feel and the ones we don't.
yes it's updated map but when i'm zooming until its maximum zoom, it goes back to old image..
Awesome app. Love being able to check for earthquakes around the world. Thanks!.
Lil bit laggy, but very useful. Edit: wow, that was fast reply, you get 5/5..
very good : very easy to figure what is going on right away !.
Really appreciate this app. My country was having a massive disaster and this app helped me all the time!.
I live in Ridgecrest, Ca.USA I installed after our earthquake in July . It gave me some comfort. I still check it a couple of times a day. Just wish we could know before earthquakes hit instead of after. Don't know if that is possible..
It shows correctly the quakes, a needed program now in albania since it looks like the ground never stops moving.. but it crashes a lot i dont know why...
Reliable, fast response, easy to use.
pretty descent. used it as soon as the earthquake happened and its accurate..
The most accurate and timely earthquake application. The very best!.
I received notifications almost immediately after the eartquakes...really nice app given my first real experience is a slam dunk!.
Looks very accurate and quick to give updates with photos and messages from affected people. Awesome! You deserve 5 Stars!.
Good app. Just must be a bit more faster..
Earthquakes reported accurately and quickly..
Sometimes a bit slow in updating, but generally a good earthquake monitoring app..
love the informative news, photos, testimonials and user friendly, great app !.
i just got this so the star review is inaccurate. I'm just wondering if there a better format I'm missing? i want to see the whole pic of the map complete with all earthquakes for a week. i know there have been some in the last 24 hours in the Southwest to Oklahoma but they're not there so i can't really be informed without all info.
Great app, accurate quick and user friendly!.
I'd like to like this app, but can't get my location. Tells me to turn on my location services even though they are already on and the app has permission..
my husband and I sail in earthquake prone areas all the time and this app is one of the most important apps we sail with. it is spot on..
I'm in Japan and doesn't show any information for 'near me'. Asks to try later or switch on GPS but already switched location access..
Great timeliness and data accuracy . a must have when you live on an island (Oahu) surrounded by the Ring of fire. it gives some people time to react in preparation.
Looks fun but doesn't recognize my position. That's annoying so I'll find something else ..
good app, seems to be quite accurate.notifications arrive fast.when you live in a earthquake zone you rely on it a lot.Italy.
excellente. This app is great with a very nice color code that stands out at a glance..
Very informative, I'd like to have the map locations for a longer history.
Awesome tech support! All worked great after i ran the app outdoors, as they suggested!.
Good informative App. Very quick to show data after an event..
Overall I like it but it would be really nice if I could find what the different icons/info symbols mean on the testimonial page means .
This site posts recent earthquakes faster than the other sites & is very accurate reporting the size of the quakes, depth, etc....
Faster than our government notification alert. Very useful and handful..
I have family and friends residing in areas that have frequent earthquakes. This app reports quakes quickly- when I read posts about immediate occurrences, the information is already on my phone from this app. Very helpful..
It's a great app and is very quick to send info after a Quake..
Update: Changed the stars but only by one bc of snarky comment by Dev. Noticed same attitude on other reviews too. I get it that you need funding, but you might rethink your approach to those that gave good reviews but few stars. If you chose a less condescending attitude, it might have won you what you needed. I've removed the review that offended you for this one instead. Better?.
Very nice application, correct but allows stupid comments. I think you should filter most of them that use offensive words..
I like the app, but wish it had a translator for quake comments around the world..
this is pretty cool very interesting I did discover the global map didn't notice at first an appears kinda small to bring it up big fingers other wise great.
I like the fact its fingertip information but its not much more than a scare app truth be known. Wakes you up. Just 50 years ago the earth didnt have a fraction of these medium to larger quakes. Now its obvious Gods words of end of times is actually starting..
I have some problems with opening the app, it's alerting sn earthquake and dosen't open the page!!.
Love the app. Many features including world map..
followed for many years and find it very reliable. Thank you !!.
Informative and handy to have in earthquake prone areas..
It is a very interesting app, there is not any earth quakes in the area where I live, but still interesting to study.
It is great! I appreciate knowing the latest earthquake activity!.
Awesome app, and awesome ppl, Fred, Zagreb loves you. Thank you guys for your hard work..
It gives me a chance to look globally and near. I often share this with friends..
It would be best if I heard an alert ring everytime there's an earthquake registered..
Very informative and supportive during earthquake and especially aftershock experiences. Thank you for good work. Keep up.
It could be more fast and accurate. It's understandable! .
Works most times and provides good information. My only beef is that sometimes I don't see some earthquakes that are reported on other sites.
It is quite easy to use and shows earthquakes in real time.. great app.
I'm not sure where you get your data from but there's been quite a few 6+ earthquakes off the west coast of Canada the last couple of days and this app shows nothing, so I'm not sure the point in having it....
quick and efficient info from all over the world.
Very informative. Quake info with in seconds..
Excellent immediate notification source for global alerts and catastrophic events! As a scientist I highly recommend this product.
As a geology student and geoeducator I find this app to be very timely, useful and informative. Easy to use even for someone who is not familiar with seismology..
I live in Zagreb, experienced an earthquake five days ago. It helps me s lot information about many little strokes since then. Thank you!.
Can't customize. I want alerts for certain area..
Very good overall, except that it won't save my setting of only seeing quakes of 5+.
i used to like this app but its acting weird and keep sayin that can show info of quakes near me when other app shows gps is on .
Just today, I've felt a earthquake on Strasbourg, France. I signaled it using the app and they confirmed it less than a minute later.
Living in earthquake 'country' in northern California I like to know what's going on in my state. I wanted to be able to get notifications so I shared my location but not getting a single notice. .
Works good, helpfull with recent quakes in my area.
great app, information in your hands with accurate location and time.
Best app for checking earthquakes and many informations! I really recommend you this app! And ofc no ads here..!!.
Love it. Quick and easy to use. Recommended.
Very useful in these very tough times for us, affected by the earthquake in Zagreb.
very nice  basic earthquake app. Not a lot of frills but plenty of info..
Best app for earthquakes ;-) Info, maps, place for comments, everything you need!.
Quick and concise information, great alert system..
Very helpful. You even updated it with no tsunami icon after some fears we in Albania had. Great work!.
This is a really useful app but the last day it wont load data. is there a problem?.
EXXXCELLENT APP!! The voice notification is great the only APP with this feature THANK YOU.
True app. Always fast and detailed information..
Easy to use, informative and up to date!.
very interesting and informative app. works perfectly. impressive..
Very Detailed, easy to understand, and accurate information!!!.
The UI sometimes updates very slowly; Running it on a SGS10.
The information provided has been accurate and fast ..
This is to date, the fastest and the more accurate earthquake reports. I usually post their report on Twitter whenever I can, if it is magnitude 5.0 or above for the rest of the world and from 4.0 and above for the islands of Haiti..
Its great but sometimes it crashes and shows nothing I have to reinstall it to work.
The best apps I have downloaded, the update was fast. Love it  thanks for creating it..
wish there were more definitive settings but appreciate a different view on quakes..
I SHOULD HAVE MENTIONED THAT THIS APP HAS A FEATURE THAT ALLOWS YOU TO CLICK OR TAP ON THE CONTACTS YOU WANT TO NOTIFY IF THERE IS A DESTRUCTIVE EARTHQUAKE IN YOUR AREA. Sends SMS message to let others know you are safe. I look at this site several times a day. Live in Washington state. Land of the Cascadia Subduction Zone. Was able to report our own small earthquake about 2 months ago..
Very dependable and easy to use interface!.
Absolutely fine app for one to share important information with one another, download it now, you won't be disappointed!!.
Good. Suggest to supply better visual maps..
they fixed the app and it is working again, I tried other apps while this obe was down and I like this one the best..
no app on this store is foolproof all computers go down anyway in a quake area they are accurate for what its worth still a little glitchy.
Fantastic free non-profit app from researchers helping us understand earthquakes better and cope when we feel helpless and scared..
Informative and easy to use..
Very cool. Receive quake info before it hits the news stations. Interesting to track location change of quakes within a state or region, e.g., S. CA to N. CA.
App asks me for location I gave app permission and location is turned on, app stil can't locate me.
The earthquakes doesn't show immediately and it takes time. With time the magnitude changes. Too bad.
Really helpful with monitoring and reviewing seismic activity around the world. I live in California and monitor activity along the major faults..
Does what it claims. Report earthquake activity. Feedback mechanism is also nice..
Easy to navigate Great Map Function..
very great app it helped us in Albanian earthquake but you mudt work a little bit at app colours neither that is a great app.
Excellent coverage of earthquakes I thought I felt on while I was on holiday and LastQuake confirmed that.
Great app lots of information and shows real time comments.
Very easy to get the info I want. We all should keep tabs of earthquakes these days. Thanks for this app!.
very nice app, easy and accurate with notifications..
Appreciate the alerts. No ads, thankfully..
good app however when i click the near me button it doesn't shiw anything and says my gps is off although it is on.
Very nice app .It hepped me a lot taday with a 6.4 earthquake.
user friendly, accurate and reliable. like this app.
Does not list/report all those listed on EMSC web page, some, but not all. Poor..
Much better than USGS, records every event in the world, not hiding info nomatter where the event ocurred, great job.
Covers whole world and near to near locations..
Coping well with high traffic after half of Zagreb started using this app. Stay safe..
Been using it for a few years now since we were in Los a couple of years ago and they had the large quake.
Seems to be fixed. Thank you for your hard work. Very informative. Back to 5 stars..
could not add different locations. showed me usa earthquakes instead of canada where I am..
It gives location and magnitude within a minute or two..
I love it fast and even shows people's comments..
very accurate and up to the minute coverage.
This is such a good app when in my country hade an earthquake i download this and tell me everything you need to know now i need this again and its such a good app love it.
Fast, easy and informative. Quality app.
Really quick and informative. Gives me in time information.
My "go to" APP ... very helpful and informative especially for SOCAL !.
Very nice application, only i wish they make the design of the application New.
It's quite good, bit slower than local site in Indonesia BMKG..
Good app and easy to view eartquake everywhere..
Easy to use,let's me know asap when a earthquake happens. I already have weather built in phone.works for newer phones..
Always with the right information any place in the world or near my home . This app is soooo sweet ..
No complaints. Performs as described.
Informative but it has a bit of lag..
Piss poor. Can't set a date range. Wants your email which is HIGHLY unwarranted..
Quick and easy to use. Great job.
Love this application, been my notifier and been with me in my worst times, in big earthquake in Albania in september and in November, been with me and notified me like a best friend... Thank you last quake CSEM EMSC YOU DESERVE 10 .
Really good and helpful app ... keep up the good work.
Very helpfull appliacation. Please add time duration if you can..
IT IS VERY SLOW IT OPENS VERY SLOW AND THE EARTHQUAKE NOTIFICATIONS DOESNT COME , CHANGE THE LOOK , MAKE A DARK MODE LIKE ANY OTHER APP.
Informative, fast, great app!.
I have used this app in the past while in Bali and have been keeping an eye on it recently as I will be traveling to bali again tomorrow. Great job. Keep up the good work! And thank you for your app..
Simple, easy to use and accurate :).
Great UI. Fast access to lastest data.
Great app, very accurate and fast..
easy to see details of place and where it happened..
quick informations and accurate positions good app.. very informative.
Best app, really fast on updateing earthquake's..
I like this app, very usefull , it has a very good tips.
Often crashes. Nice app but often crashes.
I just felt an earthquake and downloaded the app. I live in South Africa and it shows there are no quakes recorded. so what now ?.
In this update this app 2 much lag please fix it sorry for the bad English.
No accept button for terms and conditions, can't go any further, obviously not made for tablets.
Details on quakes occurring can be known easily through this app..
Needs more area notification I'm in uk and not getting notifs from Philippines earthquake.
Quick, accuraten and reassuring..
I love it! Keeps me up to date on earthquakes worldwide.
Quick and reliable information for earthquakes globally - recommended.
Stupid app.Doesnt show anything when MOST NEEDED.Seems like server problems happen everytime..
Easy to use and understand!.
Quick notifications and accurate information..
Can't accept the terms of use because button is off bottom of screen with giant white space.
It's a good app.Helps us too have more information about earthquakes and other people opinion..
Best app for earthquake tracking..
very usefull and reliable source for quakes best detailed to.
I just experienced the very first earthquake in my life in Zagreb since basically year 2000. I'll need this. Thank you......
Site as gone down ,nothing is coming through , be deleting now..
Excellent app! Quick and reliable..
EMS-98 scale is not available in app the same you do in website..
Great app, fast and accurate.
Very useful, provides almost realtime information.
the latest update doesn't upload the data. please investigate..
The best app ive tryed. i like eyewitness colaboration and notifications on major earth quake.
I love how accurate and how fast it updates.
i notice that not all significat quakes are recorded here. l have quake monitor at home, so am quite aware of north America quakes. what you do report is quite comprehensive though.l.
Great app! Very interesting too..
Super app. Gives the info right in time.
excellent app - great accuracy and timeliness.
It gives me the information time bytime just after happen within minute.
This helps me monitor and gather info about earthquakes. Specially now that Mindanao's been shaking frequently....
It takes less than a minute for an earthquake to appear on the list..
great as long as they don't downgrade the quake magnitudes....
Would not read my location even though it was on.. Double and triple checked..
Thank you so much for fixing the problem with the app.
easy to read, fast and accurate.
It's actually pretty slow and keep crashing..
it tells you right where the earthquakes are at in every earthquake all over the nation I love it.
Great app. Short and simple.
notifications are very prompt people's comments give a true picture of how they have been affected.
Great app with lots of info available.
Accurate, reliable and real-time.
Quickly notified of Quakes, very helpful.
Not detecting location, no results on global map.
It's so correct in all informations for everything that happened..
Essential and informative.
Very helpful with the after shocks of bad fridays quake in ak.
Im from Albania, we had 2 major earthquakes last 2 months, this app was very accurate. Thank you.
You are right about evetryhing you said. And in this hard times, app work better than other apps. I give you 5 stars!.
Very accurate and fast..
I hope that you could include a check mark to show for example all magnitude 7 or 5 earthquake s only.
Love it.. Great information and maps. Thank you for all you do!!...
Clean and easy to get what you want..
It does it's intended job and works ok every time!.
Very fast and acurate.
Great app & interface..
One crucial app for knowing what happens seismically in our changing world. Thank you.
Nicely organized and intuitive..
Fast. Acurrate. Very informative app..
Very Useful in these moments of distress....
Very interesting application, thanks a lot. !!!!!.
Every time quake comes, LastQuake shakes me..
good apps. quick in updating if there are earthquake.
wish there were options for time frame of global map otherwise delighted.
Useful when being awaken in the morning. Better knowing what was it..
Excellent. Recommended for All Mobile Phone Users..
Reliable and very accurate.
I dont know about another app's But this app is really exact If this app update any alarm notification is very helpful for every one.
I find this app useful and a way to stay informed regarding seismic activity in my state..
Good to keep informed, we live in Lisbon and always afraid of the big one. Love this app.
it's all good. it works better than USGS for me at the moment. cheers.
Very informative and easy to use.
Very useful in knowing about earthquakes near me.
Very useful up to the minute updates.
Up-to-date with the USGS site but less complicated..
Very helpful app .Thank you!.
Usefull ar present time in Croatia!.
I'm an user from Albania and i want to say that this app shouldn't be with internet because some people can't use it.Anyway it's a good app..
in many cases it delays many hours what was the rate of stroke.
Up to date and very informative,.
App runs great. No problems..
So far so good...almost a week in..very interesting and informative.
Very useful, working very good..
Very accurate and reliable source for earthquakes.
Quick and reliable quake info!.
Lacks details about most recent earthquakes in Croatia. Not sure why? Edit: thank you for your quick response! I understand!.
Works good wish it had more information.
Works, i am satisfied with the app!.
This App Is Very Accurate & Fast.
Love having rhe knowledge along with the "Near Me" feature.
Very prompt response and notifications. 2thumbs up!.
There has been a bunch of earthquakes in BC, my app says nothing about it..
Excellent app very easy to use.
Good app, fast response.
Very useful for these days of anxiety in Albania. Thank you EMSC. .
Great near real-time resource!.
Great updates..always accurate.
very accurate and fast notification.
It would be great if moment tensors were available..
Helpful application for earthquake information.
very slow on real time update, very sad to say.
I like the app but people write such comments that are neither helpful nor true....
Great and up to date alerts.
Seems to be un consistent notification, maps unclear.
Just I do not recieve notifications but is a good app so far so good.
overall pretty accurate and informative..
I thought my phone would beep,everytime there was a quake!!!.
Quick accurate an easy to use.
Informative, fascinating app..
This app doesn't tell you exactly where the earthquake is! "Southern California" is not useful..
I like this app. It serves my needs well..
I like seeing where on a map a quake occured..
Very upbeat, rely 98# on it.
easy UI with relevant information. thanks.
Excellent. A necessary app for EVERY phone..
Fascinating to see where earhquakes occur as I live in a very quiet (seismically) region..
Very useful and quick updates....
Good information - the messages from the people in the region give this first hand information..
Often it does not work only loading.
It is such an useful app!Thank you!.
like your easy to read format with color coding for strength. Helps me brace myself for the big one comming soon.!.
Very good info app..
Very good application. Recommended!!!.
Wonderful app.thank you guys for your amazing job , for being so hardworking but also very kind towards your followers..
Quickly notifies when a quake happens in areas I designate..
has been accurate so far, doesn't have predictions or input from usgs.
good app. always lets me know what's shaking.
Excellent APP with info of Earthquakes around world.
Have had this app for years, living in California I wanted an app I could rely on and this is it....
Prompt and accurate notices..
great app! I wish I trusted U.S.G.S. app as much as I trust CSEM EMSC..
won't load anything on my Xiaomi Note 5?.
Very nice and informative app..
This app is very accurate ..
It is amazing at giving information on all the quakes that occur.... other than the 5 in the last 3 days that occurred within 500 miles of my home.
Easy to read and accurate.
Great app.Highly recommend it!.
works great never has been a problem.
I live in curacao..near aruba and bonaire....i dont felt no quakes....thanks God...i just wanted to know if there's a notification when an earthquake happens....thanks.
Quick to update and fast with notifications.....
The website is better and faster..
This is the best app for me I leave on Albanian hare happened Earthquake every day so I install this app so I will be informed if a earthquake happens I geve you 5 stars for this app Keep it up .
This is a best application for earthquakes alert.
Its too slow to report earthquakes. It takes them 7 mins to inform after the earthquake.
The best App for earthquake very affidable.
I love this app because i see the earthquake.
Very good app and informative.
Easy to use. Fast update.
Would like to see all quakes, say, within 300 mi. of me when I scroll through the events. (Not the whole world)..
Great app i have ever seen. Thanks.
great application and very helpful.
Great updates. installed after 7.1 in CA.
Useful tool, thanks to developers!.
Good job with this app. We are informed in real time.
It's good to ease my mind that there is nothing to worry about that's obvious. BUT IT'S GREAT THAT ONLY 3 MINUTES AFTER THE 5.5 THAT I FELT I COULD VERIFY IT ON THIS APP. THANK YOU FOR THIS..
love this app, have been using it for years!.
Accurate. I like that they have an area where comments by user are welcomed..
Awesome, very adequate results..
Great app and well maintained !.
Good app, does what it says on the box..
Great App, simple to use.
everything working now Does what it says seems to be much smoother thanks guys.
great app does what it say's you can trust it..
Nice app to get a quick look at what is happening on our planet!.
Very useful and informative.
Great app, thanks for sharing with the world..
Very good. Like the updates..
I like to keep up with what is going on, this app does that.
Surprising how many earthquake has in the world. He quickly notifies about the earthquake near you. A few minutes ago, it happened in Zagreb..
Being in an earthquake zone i found this to be quite accurate and timely.
My daughter lives in Alaska so I use this app to follow earthquakes that she may be experiencing..
amazing app. accurate. timely.
Excellent data, right in time...great work.
Great app by all means!.
works great! very informative.
Not fast enough..not accurate at all !!!.
Thank you for this amazing app!.
Excellent app .very useful.
good app to have in an earthquake zone.
Very accurate and fast response.
Living in PR this app is wonderful for our needs..
Very quick response to earthquake.
Exellent and accurate reporting.
Good app. Quite accurate..
nice, easy to use earthquake app!.
be safe and sound, with this app you can.
Alerts me of earthquakes quickly.
cannot comprehend comments written in foreign language.
I enjoy knowing what is going on in the world! This is very informative! Thank you!.
Best earthquake app i've had..
It put earthquakes near me under the all tab grey and not significant (5.9).
Current and up to the minute. Good info to have with you just incase.
Fast and simple.
This app is very helpful and life saving especially in Albania.
Very useful application..
Keeps me informed, very quick information..
Reliable and efficient.
The app is not working at all..
Good app. I find it useful..
Works great. Highly recommend it..
very helpfull and let nature decide.
I like that. this is THE real deal. I trust it.
General interest info is useful.
Great app easy to use.
Fix the servers.
This app is very very helpful.
Great app very informative.
It never shows Oregon quakes! I feel them so I know we're getting them..
I love this app! Works great !.
easy- even for granny! .
Five star it's not enough. It has helped us during dificult days of continuous earthquakes..
Very accurate and informative.
very nice  only wish the maps were bigger.
Extremely useful and well done.
Notifications are pretty descent..
Quick real time alert.
stability as app, accurate....
It s perfect and usful!.
Maps would be nice!.
Great application. Useful.
Awesome it alarms me for every earthquake.Can you ad an Albanian language please.
Great in every way..
Useful app. Thanks.
happily love checking to see whats going on around the world with earthquakes..
Persian language needs some corrections. I will be happy to help you improve it for free if you like. Please contact me..
This app might have saved a lot of lives....
Great fast and efficient.
Good easy to use information.
beneficial app to download and get informed. congrats to dev..
Never works when it matters , uninstall this garbage.
Great help in difficult times....
good apps, but bmkg is faster.
It's an amazing and useful app.
Have been relying on your news for the past days here in albania. Thanks for being true to the facts. People here are not very informed on the state of earthquakes,a mistake this considering the location of Albania. And this leads to people panicking very easy on the slightest false news..
It is an informative app. Good.
Good earthquake app..
Stuck every time.
Its very good app and very helpful.
Great always go to know what's going on around the world..
Nice app. Simple to use..
fast and accurate.
Very good app !!.
hi why am i not getting the info that there was an earquake near me ? I also can't find anywhere in Skopje except Albania and elsewhere I can't find Macedonia because it feels here too.
Very informative app.
Informative and prompt..
Works fine as described..
Very Happy with the app.
Great app. Thanks.
Extremely Informative!! Thx so much!.
Quite prompt at reporting quakes.
My go to application for timely notifications.
My go to app for tracking earthquakes.
very helpful and informative.
Fantastic little app!.
I tested this program in real time and react very well. I recomand..
Its a good and informative app.
Great way to follow earthquakes n stay informed..
pretty good keeps you updated on quakes.
great application to know the earthquakes.
Cool app warnings were accurate.
I love it. Really useful..
its lerfect keep it perfect thank you.
Very useful and supportive.
Very informative, especially for me after I ecperienced the earthquaqe of 5.4 in Zagreb..
very good and informative.
The most Accurate site..
I like the ability to see seismic activity worldwide..
simple and immediate uodates.
everything and more. love the updates.
Great app works well.
TERRIBLE!!. Uh, LOCATION doesn't even work! Don't bother..
Very informative right when the quakes happen.
very informative & helpful.
Fast and axcurate.
Working. The best app..
very nice informative site.
Still using after 2 yrs+ recommended.
Very good app!.
app has been very helpful.
Absolutely great app.
Super fast update.
Always works keeps me up to date.
Very helpful app.
just got the app. so far very helpful..
It does not show how much did the Earthquake last..
Well done, good information to have. A service to the community,well done..
Great app thanks..
SINCE THE EARTH QUAKES HERE IN PUERTO RICO I DOWN LOADED THIS APP IN HOPES TO BEING ALERT. I CAN SAY THAT THEY DO ADVICE ME OF A QUAKE ON THE OTHER SIDE OF THE ISLAND. 1MINUTE AFTER I FEEL THE TREMORS. BUT SOME TIME I DONT FEEL THEM AND THE ALERTS SHOW UP. I WOULD AT THIS TIME SAY THAT ITS PRETTY ACCURATE..I WOULD RECOMMEND IT. YES! O AND YES THE MAP IS GREAT TO...
app keeps stopping..
Very late notifications.
Very good app..
To the creators of this app thank you for the excellent job keeping us inform all times .
A useful app!.
Not always accurate.
I have a samsung j6 and this app doesnt work why , i live in Albania.
Love being able to see earthquakes throughout the world shortly after they happen..
easy to use..
fast and helpful.
I  This AAP Because, it Alerts & Tells Me the Last Earthquake & How Mild to Strong. & Where it Happened. It's Good to Have On Your Phone. For Safety Reasons to be Alert." Thanx Everyone Be Safe Out there"" God Bless " L.C Sanger ca.
Helpful application for me in these situations right now.
Works well with good options..
Awsome and useful app.
Love it great up to date info.
Work fine to me...
Very good. I like this app..
Up to date and informative....
Fast notification of earthquakes close to my location..
Just great... Well done....
great and useful.
Great app to have.
Exellent, you take notice in real time .
I like knowing when and where quakes are happening..
It will not ask at all for permission, then it say, we can't find location.
It was quicker than the USGS was..
I have a look at whats shaken around the world ever mroning. I do like it very much but theres always room for improvement .
Have not used much but it is interesting..
I got an early notification. I rush to pick up my son at school. I wading we in the Caribbean would have a tsunami warning..
For what you talking about, when you say Kosovo-Serbia. Just for info KOSOVO is country like yours and don't write anything like that, KOSOVO is independent and you need to call Republic of KOSOVO..
Im in a place with a lot of aftershocks from a recent 7.1 in southern California. This app is quick to post the information. right after i feel the ground move , i know how big it was..
great coverage for earthquaked better than usgs. And they let you post if you felt an earth quake..
A bit more faster plzzzz. Also need notice about every earthquake near meee.
Accurate . Love it..
Best app for these situations.
I find it invaluable for detailing the lines of the Humboldt fault as the fracking tremors go North towards our nuclear power plant near Burlington, KS..
very complicated. just wanted quake info for CA..
Great! I am from Romania , and after a eartquake from here, at 03.38 am. It ras felt very strong, it was 5.8 grades on Richter... This App, is at right time. God bless all !.
I love the fact you see comments from real people. And know just how close to you..
Provides a lot of information about an earthquake in a very short time.
great job! clever app..
Sorry, for now, I am only interested in last quake in Zagreb, Croatia..
blissfully ad free.
Not living in earth quake country at this time. This app helps me stay informed. I.
You should fire whole developer team and find another one who knows how to make working app.
Nice, informative app.
Good to see the history of earthquakes in my region per day..
My experience is from afar. The UK, where tremors are few. I have to imagine the trouble folks are in, where they live...
Thank you for information for earthquake in the world.
It works perfectly.
I love seeing were earth is rocking an rolling an churning. I live in southcentral Missouri we get small trimmers once in awhile Howell county..
The app is excellent..
nice fast app.
It is great app...thanx.
Absolutely love this app.
Thank you guys for all your help from Zagreb!!!!.
The best useful app .
so informed with whats going on in and around the world with earthquakes, very interesting, Of course always hope no one is hurt..
You don't need, you don't for it until............
It is a good app to have..
Very well You can see the last earthquake in every where with the comments and data about them.
This program is very helpful.
Excellent Tons of information i love it i just got it i dont know all you have but will shortly.
is the best thing i have it realy send alert when you have a Earthquakes friends i recommend.
Very good App.
Very helpful for the latest infos now in my country. Thank you very much..
Am living in an earthquake zone and is keeping me up to date. Poor Albania..
Developer response lies.Quakefeed reported earlier.I timed your response. You have the time of my report.10 minutes to report an earthquake? Trash.
that's a very good app it works very well I am using.
Easy to follow.
Good to know what quake activity is going on near me and around the world..
helps me to calm down when i imagine the earth is shaking.
thanks for the app it's great to keep me updated on the earth..
Great app, so far.
Just want to know where the earthquakes are at. This place lets you know..
Everything is working well but when I made a comment on today's earthquake he didn't post to Facebook. Am I doing something wrong?.
up-to date, precise and very informative.
Such a cool app. Well done.
Thanks for you work. Stay safe everyone!.
Its not correct every time is an earth quake , i mean isnt right about the heats.
does not notify you when they happen.
I am pleased , I expect that You will make improvements on your application.
Awesome. Got notice about last one..
Keeps me informed of Earth's changes..
new to it but it appears to be quite thorough. (veteran "quaker", lifelong So Cal native).
I hope, you also have alternative Ritcher scale, on the next update..
Truly excellent app.
Sweet little app you made.
Had no idea so many eartquakes were happening around earth.
updated every minute, I like so far,please keep up with the excelente work.
Good up to date information..
Wonderfull app thank you.
So far the best real time alert I have found.
Very good detail information..
alway there with maps , comments , and alarts , dont understand the up/down arrow thank you.
Good app a earthquake happended here in albania and i see that to many albanians donwladed this app too good job .
good with only the information the governments of the world want you to know just like every other app.
It's an accurate app.
Good information to have. My daughter lives in Alaska..
Nice and clear.
LastQuake gives me the information I need to be able to forcast future earthquakes.
Very good app.
My heart stopped and i was very scared.
Very good...very precise. Excellent..
A must-have app. Especially in Albania..
You should also inform about the duration of the earthquake..
It's brilliant! Let's me know where not to go on holiday!.
An earthquake outbreak happend in my state(Albania) and it really helped me out.
Very good app.
I would prefer distance from epicenter in miles, not km..
very timely. like that asks for comment if earthquake felt..
a very strong quake was immediately posted....in 5mins...october 16,2019 7:30pm..
Good to have app..
I like this app..
Excellent up to date info, well presented. Thx..
good feedback about the latest quak.
I check it every day. Love it.
Love this app!.
After 5 min I know how strong was the earthquake in Crete.
One of the best apps.
Is this app easy to use ?.
You are awesome! Keep up the good work!.
I am interested in science and love this app..
best eurth quake app sofar..
I think it is the best apps that i have tried ..
living in California and it comes in handy!.
Great app! #pray_for_Fred.
Its pretty accurate i rely on it as i live in california.
Most of EQ in our area CRO dont have informations.
very useful app.
I can see what happened in my country..
it ok time and exact..
Very good, app.
It messages before the earth quake hits.
listings to big for smartphone, not enough information about quakes, elementary..
enjoy your format,& Information you provide..
This is veryyy good app(i live in albanian and im so scary ).
The best software.
The crew at TheEarthMaster channel appreciates The info, thank you.
Up to date information...good to know..
Latest in one minute i got your msg sbt the last earthquake while i was in my car at Bitez/Bodrum/Mugla.
Very nice app of the bunch I have.
just a great app.
Just like knowing when and where they occur.
very informative. would like tusnami warning included.
Its the best app for the earthquakes.
easy to use. has the info i need..
Keeps me up to date with what is going on in the world.
I would like it give notice as soon as possible.
its the worst app i hate it.
What an impressive app..
it has beenbvwry beneficial to have this app.
Interested in knowing where. Thank you..
This app is great.
Pretty quick information.
Keep me updated .
Interesting. Timely information..
It really helps us in case of earthquakes..
Is one app very a good.
Express info of earthquake.
Very good app .
Very good app.
Very good app.
I love the app i hate the quakes.
Please someone tell me does this app track earthquakes?.
Very good app.
Testing it out, so far I like it!.
This is very good for us #albanianearthquake.
omg this is so good i love this program i'm albanian 6.4 ball to my from.
Top class information.
Not had to rely on the app yet..
Croatia 5 stars.
it's really neat thank you so much.
Very good app .
Only post once a day.
Good app to know about earthquakes worldwide.
love you, crazy world never know..
Very good app.
Very good app.
Earth Quake...Earth Quake!.
Thanks for the service provided!...
Very good app.
Allows me to be informed.
Veryyyyyy scary. They are not stopping.
It's very good App.But how can i Comment?.
Te shof se is a great place to work.
great app. n it alerts u.
Interconnectedness of all.
Very very helpful.
Heard the rumble.
Love this app..
this app delivers 100 percent ...We approve.
First time,and it looks good.
Great,help full..
I am from Zagreb :).
A true global perspective..
I dont receive notifications about earthquakes.
I like to know what is going on in the world!.
My phone does. I will check..
VERY interesting information.
Notify before state institution.
Thank you, EMSC!.
helpful and informative.
Accurate, immediate info.
Does what's supposed to do.
Thank you for the correct information..
Need to be more fast update..
This is a program.
It sends us all about lastquakes....
Great ! Does whst it says..
Very good reference in need..
shook me all night long.
very quick updates on eartgquakes..
It's an awesome app.
Does it's job.
Gives me insight of where and when.
It's so terrible no more.
This app isn't so correct.
I was a quick heads up.
better than the other.
Seems to work well!.
Tell us for the earthquake....
Very good. Thank you very much..
exactly what I was looking for!.
You can see the earthquake..
Better apps available.
great f o r seismo geks like me (-;.
New world order man made earthquake.
I like this app...
App is great..
It helps ne a lit in alb Edit thank you too.
Great so far.
informative and interesting.
It is good one!.
Thanx you my best app ever..
This is the best app.
i think you can do better ....
I don't get alerts.
It's really good. Thanks..
The best. Thank you.
It is terrible. This app dont open.
Thanks for your support .
I like its functionality.
Thank you for support.
Easy to read.
You deserve 5 stars......
The best  respect from Albania .
Live in Alaska and LOVE THIS.
Did'nt felt anithing.
Really effective for me.
Easy to read..
Nice app for geology enthusiasts.
Vert quick updates.
up to date coverage.
Does what it says on the tin.
not as it should.
Call ed friends.
love this app....
so far so good.
does what it says :).
I like this one.
Actually pretty good.
Keep up the good work! .
Good as Gold.
It is very good.
Why don't work?.
Up to date.
Works very well.
A must have .
really good app.
usfull information and quite quick.
Hit or miss some temblors.
A real application .
Does Not alert me.
The best earthquake aplication.
Such a good app.
I want notifications.
best app in these day in albania.
Not in time.
very interesting app.
Good for sharing .
not working yet.
Its very good apps.
You ar wrry good.
Love love it.
It's great ..
great information thanks a.
the best app 2019.
The best app.
It's so helpful .
near me info is not working.
Neat little app.
very good info.
Very nice app.
not very fast response.
Very useful thanks.
I'm excited..
A good app.
Fast Real Time.
Verryyyyy good for info.
very quick response.
I like this..
Need seismic data.
It's great..
down it asap dont think.
awful it doesnt worksss.
Have crash sometime.
best earthquake app.
Yes, Yes, Yes.
So good ap.
Is very Useful.
Cant open the app.
Thnx for info.
Not so fast.
no useful info.
100% needful.
near me dousnt work.
Flm kush e ka ull ne play story.
Great app.to have.
Ok.
I love this app, has been very helpful to me. I can verify that is always an updated and trustable information. Thank you guys! Good job! ******** 10/17/2019 I still enjoying this app and give a 10  raiting to this Team. Congratulations guys, you are the best .
On 28 January 2020 at the time (21:15) when tremors were felt near Tirana, the app became unresponsive for some considerable time..
I love it to keep up to date with all the global quakes & when & where they strike as well as reading people's testimonies..
   3   .        .
Heel gemakkelijk in gebruik! Heel informatief enkel min puntje er is geen automatische vertaling voorzien.
Es excelente muy fcil de usar. Te muestra lo mas reciente.
Me pide que encienda mi GPS y esta prendido.... Jams encontr mi zona.
Muy Cierto y Rapida la information.
Hzl ve tutarl alyor. Kesinlikle tavsiye ederim..
Rapidly please, earthquakes are occure rapidly do it also..
M e mira pr mu, deri tani..
Jeni me te miret LASTQUAKE.
March 8, 2019.December 19,2019-providing realtime reporting of evolving data...
Thank you!.
not accurate .
Excelente App!.
Thank you..
Clean, quick & easy to understand layout..
Thank you.
 .
Super app.
Not working.
On point.
Very well.
Na cmene.
On time.
Not now.
Is ok.
Really informs.
Not working.
A+.
Thank you.
very good.
Muy buena.
Delay app.
Super app...
No problem!.
Very good!.
Reliable app!.
Great app!.
Excellent app!.
Very usable!.
Great App!.
Great app!.
Excellent app!.
Very good!.
Awesome app!.
Fantastic app!.
Good application!.
Very informative!.
Outstanding Application..
Excellent application..
Shume mire.
super.
Super.
Well.
.
ok.
Iyi.
Accurate. Useful.
Like it.
Very informative..
Actual.
Op.
Extra.
Super.
Super.
Ehh.
Hzjd.
Super.
Hahaha.
Ok.
ok.
Silent.
super.
Ok.
Lifesaver.
Super.
Super.
it works.
Super.
Ok.
Super.
Exackt.
Super.
Super.
Timely reporting..
Super.
uptodate.
Excelente.
Excelebt.
Usef.
Works.
Ok.
Excelant.
Ok.
Super.
Super.
very precisely..
Good things.
.
Very useful..
Good App .
Good app .
Great App..
Very good..
.
Ok good.
Good app.
It's nice.
Ok!.
It's good.
Good!.
Great!.
.
.
Great!.
Precise!.
Love it!.
Perfect!.
Nice apps...
Fantastic!.
Excellent!.
Informative!.
Fascinating!.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
Very good.
Very good.
Great app.
Very good.
Best aplication.
Very good.
Best one.
so good.
Great app.
Very helpfull.
Very helpful.
Very accurate.
Very informative.
Very useful.
Good app.
5 star.
Accurate app.
Very accurate.
Good app.
Very nicee.
fantastic app.
Very helpful.
Nice app.
Very good.
Best app.
Great app.
So precise.
nice app.
best app.
Good app.
Very good.
Very good.
Quick information.
Good app.
Great app.
Very good.
Very good.
Perfect app.
Well organized.
Exellent application.
Best one.
Correct app.
very good.
Its great.
Good job.
Very good.
Greate app.
Very informative.
Outstanding application.
Very good.
Very accurate.
Very good.
Very helpfull.....
Good app.
best app.
Good app.
Very efficient.
Very detailed.
Really good.
Working great.
Very accurate.
Helpful app.
Very useful.
pretty good.
Great thanks.
very good.
Good app.
Really good.
Very good.
very good.
Good feedback.
Excelent app.
Very good.
Very informative.
Very helpful.
Very useful.
Nice app.
Very accurate.
Works great.
Great app.
good app.
Good aplication.
Very satisfied.
Cool app.
Very useful.
Great app.
Very good.
Great app.
very nice.
The Best.
Very good.
Very usefull.
Love it..
Fine.
Great .
Magnificent...
.
Nice..
.
Excellent....
 .
Fantastic.
Good.
Exellent.
Gr8.
Great.
Great.
Good.
nice.
Perfect.
Useful.
Perfect.
is fast.
Good.
Good.
Precious.
Cool.
good.
Good.
Good.
Nice.
Accurate.
good.
Awesomeness.
Accurate.
Good.
Nice.
Good.
Good.
Nice.
Good.
Nice.
best.
cool.
Acurate.
Good.
Good.
Nice.
Best.
Good.
Good.
Nice.
Good.
Nice.
Good.
Usefull.
Good.
Nice.
PERFECT.
Good.
Good.
Excellent.
Helpful.
helpfull.
Good.
Excellent.
Good.
Good.
love it.
Good.
nice.
Good.
Exact.
Exelent.
Excellent.
Best.
Good.
Good.
nice.
Great.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Wonderful.
Good.
good.
Good.
the best.
Excelent.
Exact.
Good.
Good.
Excelent.
Great.
Great.
Good.
Great.
Excellent.
Love it.
Excellent.
Interesting.
Great.
Fast.
Excellent.
Excellent.
Great.
Excellent.
Nice.
Helpful.
Great.
Love it.
Cool.
Great.
Accurate.
Great.
Cool.
Excellent.
good.
Excellent.
Good.
Excellent Excellent.
One of the best alert notification apps around-the-clock. Quick and accurate to notification of national and worldwide. The comments to the quakes give justification for the need of this application. keep up the great work!.
Living in an area that has earthquakes, I find this a useful app. 7/19 - Very helpful during recent activity..
Aplikasi yang sangat bermanfaat, tetapi kadang komentar saya tentang gempa yang saya rasakan tidak muncul. Beberapa Gempa dari BMKG Indonesia juga sering tidak terdeksi oleh LASTQUAKE..
Thank you for helping inform individuals about necessary information..
Works well!.
Shume i program preciz.
no notifications for earthquakes.
Great app nearly instant information is delivered ..
on time an accurate!.
I like.
perfrct app.
thank you.
working great, thank you.
Thank you! The best.
Excellent app very helpful.
it's ok.
Great app!.
awesome app!.
Very useful!.
intriguing satisfaction!.
Nice app..
super.
exelant.
Super.
Good application..
very useful..
great app.
Good App..
handy!.
Great!.
fast. accurate..
Excellent!.
Excellent!!.
.
great app.
very informative.
so cool.
good apps.
very useful.
Very usefull.
good job.
Very useful.
best app.
excellent reporting.
very good.
amazing app.
best app.
very good.
Works great.
great app.
Very useful.
ver dependable.
Great information.
no problems.
good app.
good information.
Very informative.
Wonderful app.
Accurate allerts.
Nice App.
Best apps.
Love it .
Great.
Good ;).
best app*******.
.
informative.
good.
good.
Excellent.
detailed.
accurate.
cool.
Usefull.
informative.
best.
Excellant.
good.
love it.
Good.
excelent.
Love it.
informative.
Good.
awesome.
quick.
factual.
great.
Nice.
Helpful.
     ,    ; I have not received any notification at all, even for the recent big earthquake in Philippines and the domestic in Greece of 4 or 5 Richter scale. Be it noted that this happens in the new installations in my tablet and the new telephone For your immediate answer, I feel obliged to upgrade my stars to FIVE.
Great app. Had no idea there was so many quakes in Europe! Is very 
interesting to keep an eye on. You can even spot the big quakes before the 
news does which is very impressive. I haven't been in a situation where 
I've experienced an earthquake myself but it might happen sometime and I'm 
intrigued to see how the app works when that happens.
a pop-up notification when possibly earthquake happen near my location would be great! hope you add it in the future. edit: i mean, that white color notification "earthquake possibly happen in x (near my loc.)" will pop-up too like on your twitter, so i know earthquake possibly happen near me and i can check it immediately..
The past 3 weeks in Bali and Lombok has been shaky. Literally. Having this app really put my mind at ease and really saves me from array of disinformation. Thank you so much for creating this app. And I will try being a good contributor..
Great app. Only sometimes for example it's just came up that off coast Fiji 
has just had an 8.2 but news reporting it as 7.9. Someone playing these 
bigger quakes down?? Not the first time I've noticed this. Had this app a 
while now though and will continue to use it..
Everything is great, just the UI is ugly and laggy  Edit: Thanks for replying. What I meant was that the UI is outdated and ugly. Not that it is simple. I like simple interfaces just not the ones that are outdated.
Very useful to follow "on live" the last earthquakes in Lombok during our 
holidays. Not sure if the location is working well at least in my Samsung 
Galaxy tablet. Great app. Thanks!.
with all of the issues that seem to have plagued USGS. its refreshing to have accurate information. quakes which have been "downgraded" to quell the concerns or the general public are worthless. This site is terrific. Thank You.
Nice, learn about you from your tweets. You do the right thing to list the 
Taiwan Island as part of China. That island is always part of China though 
the Shimonoseki Treaty severed it for nearly half a century, then a Civil 
War severed it again until today. However, it's just a wayward territory of 
the Middle Kingdom, it will never be a sovereign nation! Taiwan Island is 
an alienable part of China. Usually I ignore giving any comment on app, but 
this time I wanna let you know that you have made the right decision. Thus 
5 stars from me :-).
Used during Lombok earthquakes. Nothing is faster. Updates seconds after feeling the earthquake. I was in a safe place but this could have really helped people closer. Brilliant work..
Great app to have when living traveling in Asia as information can be a long time coming without it. We've had many quakes in Indonesia lately and this helps reassure that you're safe..
It is greatly upsetting to see that you have listed Taiwan as Province of 
China. This is not true as 25 000 000 free and democratic citizens can 
attest to. Please remove the reference and I'll rate this app with an extra 
star. TAIWAN IS NOT A PART OF THE PROC....
Really useful for us that live in an area prone for quakes. Good to quickly be able to find out how close it was and if family and friends may have had it worse..
After the latest update, I can't open the app. Get the following error. The connection to the server was unsuccessful (file:///android_asset/www/index.html).
Two years for a Response, But issue is fixed... Welp Issue is fixed, now if only customer service was more timely :D <3.
Earthquake and weather Facebook page been banned in Indonesia, make me laugh.
Does not allow you to go onto the full site from the app needs to have an option to show more day.
Fascinating how many earthquakes there are and not just those reported in the news. Useful for holiday destination knowledge and how far away an earthquake can be felt..
I have lg g4 running android 6.0 not showing any notification even for big 
earthquake. Please fix it..
No ads, just quick updated quakes. Clear interface..
perfect after the last update. 01 march17. keep it up... so if it is essential you answer after 17 month of a comment .. U got the 5 star . Keep it up.
It's got Israel Quakes when others dont.
Great app.....especially right now, in Lombok island have been almost a month get shakes by quake.
So far this is the best earthquake alert app. For me who live in one of ring of fire country. This app really helps me to be update and be alert. Thank you..
This is by far this most informative and interesting app I have on my phone thats no social media or the news. Excilent..
Great app. Still needs improvements here and there but overall it's great. Works very well..
The most accurate app available! I love it! Thanks so, so much!.
no ads, easy to use, interactive.
Great app,very helpful keeping us updated with all earthquakes happening around the world..
Loved this app! Very good alerts and the scroll to check through recent quakes is so smooth!!.
Aplikasi yang sangat berguna, membantu mengetahui lokasi dan info yang baru 
saja terjadi..
Great app. Updated. Worlwide earthquake info. Fast notification. Best!.
It's a really useful application. I can know in a minute news of earthquick anywhere around the world..
Giving one star for listing Taiwan as a part of China..
Great app. Please add another weather forecast. Thank you for The Developer team.
Hasent registered new quake off oregon coast..
App format is fairly easy to understand at a glance, & appears to be comprehensive & accurate..
Since last update, Jan 2019, it doesn't load any data....
This app can save some lives..
    .
Thank you for your information.
I do like alot thanks.
No complaint does what it says.
Help for information about quake.
Need notifications on earthquake.
Very nice app. Gives me exactly what I need..
Aplikasi sangat berguna....
Good app to know whats happening around the world.
Very easy to use and works so far perfectly.
Nice and useful app also without ads..
Nice app, good notification, and simple interface..
Great app if u r a globe trotter.
Faster than goverment's official. The best..
I'm on observation to see what is accurate!.
Great app; very informative!.
Good app to report earthquake worldwide.
Muy bueno.
Cukup membantu.
almost propper.
 .
No alarms.
Thank you, everything is great..
Interface is precisely why I love it..
Great app. Very usefull.
This is important information for us.
Great apps,...informative & responsive.
great app!.
Very very satisfied.
Good accurate reports.
Top app!!!.
Hhhhgu.
Ok.
Okay.
Dope.
Thanks.
Prompt.
awesome app..
Great site..
Great!.
great app :).
Excellent tool....
Excelent !.
the best!.
.
Great app .
Cool app.
Very good.
Great app.
great site.
Fantastic app.
quick and accurate.
Good app.
Nice one.
Very helpful.
Good App.
Great app.
Exellent app.
Very successful.
verry good.
very good.
Best app.
Good product.
Sweet I.
Super duper.
Great information.
Good app.
Great app.
Reliable application.
Good job.
Nice.
Good.
brilliant.
timely.
Excellent.
Would be 5 star but notifications dont work exactly right. Sometimes they 
dont go through or sonething. Also an earthquake (just an example) 2km off 
the coast (East) of a Greek island and 10km off the coast of main West 
Turkey cannot be considered at "West Turkey coast". Such little details 
need some fixing..
When I click on Nearby why it shows earthquakes from Oceania while I am from southeast Europe.   I just checked and found out that the bug is fixed with an earthquake in Northern Croatia and my location.  Great to hear that the bug is fixed.  I have used the Haversine function in some of my web apps I have developed to calculate the distance between two pairs of Latitude and Longitude.
I check it about 3 or 4 times a day. It's simple and easy to use, and drilling down to get more info is intuitive. I just wish the maps were expandable so epicentres could be seen from a wider range than their 2 standard map options..
The usability of this app is very good. The fifth star that's missing, is 
because there are important quakes missing. The app shows 2s in Hawaii, but 
won't show all the 3s in New Zealand..
Great app. Get real time updates before events hit the news. Valuable feature is reporting of effects by people near the epicenter of quakes..
I love the fact that I can click on and see where the latest quakes are. I 
haven't been through the entire app, but I love being in the know on events..
Trully outstanding! Picks up quakes quicker than any other available 
source, with accuracy too, delivering all the necessary information 
(epicenter, depth, strength) needed to calm my wife down....
Only one complaint: I just wish I could manually put in my location. It 
uses network location I think and it's always wrong for me, I don't get 
notifications and when I report an earthquake it's telling them I'm 
somewhere else and not counting my report..
This is one of the nest way to check earthquakes. It comes early and with 
accurate knowledge.
I'm being block after talking about using it in Dunkin donuts saying 
internet is required.. I have internet connection just started 07/14/18 
2:00 pm.
After last update doesn't work at all.  It gives no feedback at all about any quake.... Why?  The list is empty....
The apps is good and very useful but can we update the map coz i think the 
map is 6 years ago before super typhon haiyan(yolanda) hit philippines..
It's really a useful app... since my region is experiencing a lot of quakes 
these days..
Just installed because it has great reviews, but is not recognizing that my 
GPS is turned on and can't give me info near me..
The settings are not relevant. No logic in the Screens.
It doesnt work terrible app delete.
The near me option doesn't work.
The de facto standard in these kinds of apps all over the world.  Great job overall. Alerts are spot-on!.
Handy app. Prefer time to be 'hours ago' for first 24hrs so we dont have to 
convert time zones..
I only join recent so need time before I view an opinion. To date I am happy.
Great using it like G Earth too, can spend long time looking!.
Dje ra trmet ne Tirane dhe njoftimi erdhi ne kohe reale..
Perfect... Then stopped working.
Timely information and nothing complex. Clean and fast.
Great application thanks!.
It's very utilitarian app. Like it too much..
Cool, but its notifications come with delay..
Very good but I don't receive the notifications anymore..
Clean interface. Easy to use..
I think it is cool to be kept up to date with the signs of the times.
Ez, intuitive interface one can modify. Reliable..
Earthquakes, European style, worldwide.
We really like this app. Thank you..
It's great application, useful. .
Great little app...simple to use.
Good app.. I love it.
5 STAR support. Thanks..
Simple and easy to use..
Informative world wide.
It should be better.
Easy to use information.
WORKS GREAT!!! :).
Great app.
Nice app.
Excellent.
Good.
Good.
Cool.
Amazing.
Effective.
Some apps have 2 you have to download to get there latest info, like the Volcane/Earthquake which is very good to have. It just takes up space and slows my phone down.
The street and aerial maps do not work.  The EMSC map do not show the legends, despite turning it on/off..
Very accurate info and delivered very fast. Confirmed it 100% with last nights seismic activity in my area. Thank you!!!.
Whenever there are many responses to an earthquake and i go to read them the app lags out.  Nice to find a quake but dont expect to read any comments for a quake that has alot of comments.
Info shows up seconds after an event, information submission as basic or detailed as one wants. Great app..
Very informatove and accurate information. Was particularly useful when we were experiencing regular seismic activity where we live for about a whole year..
Quakes need updating. I checked USGS list and a 4.6 popped up in the Norsup Vanuatu region.
Mostly accurate. Sometimes info is a little delayed. However I like this app and would recommend..
Terrible UI and colors. Poor settings to filter quakes. Buggy app..
Useful and interesting. Wish it would have the fault lines and tectonics on it..
No obvious way, no button, to make it refresh with up to the minute reports, mostly many hours old..
Best seismic alert and information system! And it's totally free at the moment! Good luck and please keep it that way! Thanks a lot! .
Awesome app, easy to use and great info.!!.
Works as intended. Feels more earhquakes than me..
To sensitive for my touch,  not enough  information that I would Like!.
The app is great. But, is it possible to create an opportunity to set a custom sound for notifications?.
No sound or notification when the earthquake happened.
Have you tried to use this app?.
grear app with 100%.
In my idea it's the best app about earthquake alert..
Fantastic I am well pleased with the information provided..
Great site to jump on for recent events..
It's so good and contains useful information..
Up to date earthquakes with notifications.
Good App but sometimes can't be open.
Very nice app.
Usefull application for region like Indonesia.
Working now.
Precise & accurate informations... Well done !!.
It's cool.
It's good I like it..
Informative and timely earthquake detail.
Good, fast, functional .
OK.
Very accurate and useful.
Nice app like it.
Very good.
Thanx.
Helpfull ap..
That's good.
Perfect!.
.
Great app.
Great application.
Really helpfull.
All good.
Nice app.
Very useful.
Precise & swift.
Great.
Excellent.
good.
Perfect.
Even small magnitude readings (not only major) are covered, that's make it incredible App among all. Reading are correct & matches with that of local area. Real time feedback of earthquake is helpful..
Its a great app; i like to see whats going on around the world (earthqake wise) but it would be nice if the translations were available in English as well as the local language.  .
It's a quick way to keep up on earthquake activity. You can get alerts as you like..
                 .       .
       .
This app is very useful..
Olduka iyi bir uygulama..
Keeps me updated, always..
Very Good.
Excelent applikasi.
It's ok but isnt showing a lot of quakes in the US. The globe is currently in the throes of a Deep Quake Event and some data isnt being shown in your app.  Noteworthy of which, is the swarms in the Yellowstone caldera region and Long Valley CA caldera (my setting is for 1.0 and above and last 100 quakes). Also very important: NOTHING FROM CANADA. No EQ's on the maps at all. Looking at the seismo maps there are LOTS of earthquakes 2.0 and above not being reported or placed on the maps.  Like the UI and ease of use. Fix the above (I understand you can only push what you get and the USGS has been withholding reports of "Certain" earthquakes lately off the West coast and Yellowstone. But there are other legit agencies that can register them and report them) Thank you for this app..
Maybe something is wrong on this end, but I don't understand why I don't receive notifications. Is this feature not working, or what is its use anyway? Set the distance 10000 km, magnitude over 2, last 24 hours or today, and I only get the list of such quakes when I bring it up, not as real-time notifications. Something's clearly not working. Android 6.0.1. With GPS on, the app cannot retrieve the current position. Shameful. One may presume that, with so much support, a simple location retrieval app would work, but no. You have the obvious option that in absence of GPS to simply let the user specify their location, for instance select a city from a list, but seemingly this is too complicated for you. For more hints/assistance you have to pay an immodest fee..
Does what its supposed to. Good app for tracking earthquakes, we were experiencing a lot of them and it didnt miss one ( not sure if i need to be happy or sad about it) , but it was accurate..
Very useful app. We've had several quakes including a 5.4 a month ago, and it's great to be able to report them instantly with my location..
Map! Where's the map?    (...but I wish an easier access to map (din't want to dig every time in menu to bring it on screen); quake filter by attributes; quake filter by region (define rectangle on map)..
Yeah I donlowod this app bc in my town lot of earth quakes are happening but i am going to keep it  for forever  is bery usefull eazy to use the locacion is not the good shown but its ok.
This is the second time I have tried this app. Each time, after a month or so it fails to connect. Im done..
This app is missing many earthquakes on a real news the Sierras had thousands of quakes no mention on this app .
Its very usefull app, spec. now when my town is shaking non-stop.
Sadly, the app isn't working since a couple of days.  EDIT: it's working again!.
I haven't died yet, thanks to LastQuake.
I am hopeful that this app will eventually be updated to alert us to quakes that have occurred in the last few seconds then we can act on them and be where we need to be in a timely fashion..
Really nice app....keeps track of the Earthquakes...really good.   I look at it...all the time.   Like the bright colors..
My phone went off the same time the news made the announcement tv..
Looked at it 4 times. Got asked to rate it. I tapped later it stopped working.  Deleting it.
Absolutely love the app, it does what's needed, showing earthquakes all across the globe. Thank you..
Sistema de localizacin no funciona . GPS function is out of service..
On top of it as far as earthquakes. Like the maps too.
This application provide public latest information regarding earthquake and may help  public keep alert. Thank you..
Incredible app. Thank you for beeing awesome EMSC-CSEM team. Keep up the good work..
Its very cool because you can see every earthquake in the would!!!.
This app reports earthquakes that USGS is afraid to..
I appreciate the, near you section. We are not in an earthquake area but I have felt what I thought was a quake and sure enough there it was..
Latest info on quakes around the world.
Delays a few minutes but is ok.
Updated in earthquakes around world. Ex..
Should be able to see earthquakes near me that are more than 6 hours ago..
Great app. Love the near me quakes,  keeps me on my toes ..
Must have if you live in seismic zona..
I like instant confirmation of a quake I felt..
very interesting to see earthquake action all the time, its not new,  always ongoing.
You can report earthquakes in your own area..
Great app !!! If you fill an earthquake, you will know exact location and intensity..
Try to take minimum time to flash earthquake.
From a few days the application freezes and don't work properly.....
Asks for too many permissions.
We live in an earthquake zone and it is useful to have near to real time updates..
It works perfect! Thanks!.
Very accurate and quicker than the Pacific hurricane alerts tell us!.
Gives me alerts on large 5.0 and greater world wide and 2.0 and greater locally..
All the earthquakes in the world.
I'm a seismologist from Iran and professionally using this application in technical reports..
I'm loving it most. I recommend this app for the best Earthquake results ever..
This is a easy to use app. No frills. Just does what it says on the tin.!!.
Look everyday to what and where it is shakin'.
Super, pomaze mi!!.
Doesn't work.
Needs volcano activity.
  , !    Very good app, Bravo!.
It's a very helpful app, it shows a lot of information....
So impressed, it's work quickly over the world..
Gives  me the information I want very accurately.
I really like this app.I check it every day..
It has nice view and good performance!.
Great app... Intelligent way to use a social network.
really accurate ,very good app happy.
Thank god it didn't ruin my house.
Excellent news data that is accurate  and informative..
Great app, tech support exelent..
Is good program.
does the job.
Good app. Keeping us informed :).
Its ok.
Works well. Does what it is designed to do..
earthquake news, fast and correct.
Very informative. Helpful site.
Nice and frightening.
Helpful for my earthquake prediction.
so good nd simple.
Nice app. Thank you..
It's great!.
Clear and easy information.
Very good application.
Great for following earthquake.
Very good app.
Wow.
Nothing.
Ok.
Thanks a lot..
Excellent app..
Great!.
Great!!!.
Very accurate.
Great app.
Great App.
Good app.
Very nice.
very good.
Good App.
Useful informations.
Good app.
Excellent app.
Goof.
Usefull..
Nice.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Following a recent update the app has gone into a slumber mode.......no notifications, no interactions with the server......I have checked with all the settings but till now this remains in a bricked mode.
Could you update the earthquake information quicker than now l,please?.
It's cool, but it could use a bit of speed optimization, sometimes it lags/stutters on list load..
nice app updated of all quake worldwide.
I hope this application is useful and can install to this cellphone device storage, thanks and have a great day...
We have friends that live in North American earthquake areas and this app offers important updates..
Love this app..I Really like that I can see comments in the i felt this earthquake section..Lets me see what areas felt the earthquake...
Truly, the fastest alert system I have found after 7 years of studying!.
Used after quake to get a read on aftershocks great tool.
It's not a weather application. It's an earthquake monitoring and reporting application. And very very good designed and executed application..
It reminds me at every earthquake.
Perfect aplication. One minute after shock we have info..
I love it ! It's simple and accurate!.
So accurate and speed response..
Exelent and very useful.
Best and fast app.
I love it.
Useful.
Concerned about the earth and global warming I'm very interested in EMSC activity around the world and it's effects..
The best earthquake app ever.
Exelent and very usefull app.
One of the greatest app.
best app.
Excellent app.
I have been following this site and app over the years and really have seen a great deal of improvements over the recent years. This app is now working very well and provides me the information I need without having to go to the website for the details. Alerts work smoothly. I have not had to use the felt an earthquake report recently but by the number of reports going through, I can only imagine they have made it much simpler. The only area I hope for some further improvements is around the maps. Great job.
Excellent app which is great to monitor earthquakes in real time.  It lost one star because I'm getting numerous notifications when a large earthquake occurs.   I haven't found a way to stop this.  Still a great app which I would recommend..
It's fine for basic info but it's not nearly as good as the website. The maps are not detailed enough and the 'near me' section doesn't show every single earthquake. But it's the best app of its type..
The moment i feel an earthquake i log on to the app and i get a true picture of where one happened , it helps me to be aware about the epicenter and the intensity so i can imagine if there could be another one following then what kind of intensity it can be..
I was getting a notification every five minutes on the latest Indonesia earthquake.  I just reinstalled to see if that will fix it.  Still terrible!  I do not need notified about this quake anymore!.
I am starting to think that Indonesia is hit by an EQ of 6.5 every 5 min ... please  do something about this... it's been 7 hours from the EQ and for 5 hours I get every 5 min notifications. Please. ***Update: another 2 hours has passed with same every 5 min notifications. I am sorry but i have to uninstall the app until it will be fixed..
Over 50 notifications for 1 quake, it's 3am and the incessant beeping is driving me mad, it's been going for hours... Get off my phone!.
Every few minutes got same notification about last eartquake since that happen. More than 3 hours..
It works fine 99% of the time! But, please stop notifying me about the SAME earthquake in indonesia like every five minutes.
Just loaded the latest update fix and then rebooted my phone. This new issue with app is still a problem. Until the repeated duplicate notification problem is fixed am going to uninstall app.  The notifications every 5-7 minutes on the same earthquake is too annoying to deal with..
The Last Quake application, shows more information the the USGS. As the USGS Must have an agenda, lowering the Earthquakes in Fracking areas, to avoid shutdown for safety reasons. The Last Quake tells it like it is. It is my go to for earthquake information..
Liked it till yesterday. Today's Indonesia 6.5 notification came at least 100 times in last 6 hours. Not even the update helped. Now I have to uninstall it.  Update: They fixed the bug,  running smoothly now..
It gives prompt notification for most of the quakes..
Receive notificationns from quakes all over the world, pointless. No location setting..
Aerial Map and Street Map don't work. Only EMCS Map. Please fix it in the next update..
I like the up to the minute updates on earthquake activity around the world,  people's comments right from the quake zones,  and easy to see maps..
Earthquake awareness is so important.  Fascinating topic. I'm obsessed..
Immeduate notification of quakes.  Even used it when I was in Japan..
I like having the alerts for quakes nearby..
It seemed ok at first. Now I see an earthquake happened nearby me on the news and it wont even show on here.
Five stars. Most up to date. Surpasses the USGS data. Referred by the youtube sensation mr. dutchsinse..
Love the purpose of this app and the way it gives information regarding major earthquakes, especially in remote areas..
Today our state is shock, but it's not very big, your apps is very very good information and useful app.
Good app for sensing changing seismic activity pattern  of a particular location..
Easy to use and gives all the information you need, including tsunami warning..
Quick info easy to follow. Wish i found this app lo-ong ago..
I like this application!.
Good little app..
Shum i mir, dhe i sakt n koh reale.
Helpful app to verify tremors.
Graphics are awesome for easy readibility. Works great, no downtimes..
It can give u info post quake.
Works as advertised..
Rating 5.0..
Showing the earthquake right way.
Fastest one to get latest quake reports.
But need more faster.
Good app.
I like this as i can see where the arthquakes are.
Great app best information and updates.
Amazing site, amazing app.Thank you..
Last quake.
It's brilliant!.
Really enjoy this app. Spot on..
Clean, fast and informative!.
great app so far.
Best quake app going.
very accurate.
Good apps and very useful.
Best app to monitor earthquake.
Pretty good, thanks.
Accurate, quick..
Good nice aap.
Useful and informative..
Ok.
Pretty good..
It's great.
Nice and useful.
Just exelent.
Very useful.
Good app.
Great app.
Great Work.
Its good.
Good .
Nice.
best.
Perfect.
I cannot change the app from the vile 'eurometres'(km) to miles. I have tried many times. IS it your app or my phone; I don't know. Please check the app while I hurl abuse @ my phone. Thankq..
Really liked this app until today when it started notifying me non stop about the same earthquake in Indonesia. Now it is annoying the crap out of me and I'm temporarily  uninstalling it until problem is fixed. Will check back..
I had to try another earthquake app for a while, but i was really missing this one. Gives you great info quickly. Wish the maps were magnifyable to see landmarks and get a better idea where seismic activity is..
Love the app, but since this morning there is a bug that keeps on repeating a push notification every 10 minutes.  I'm getting notified of the 6.5 earthquake in Sumatra Indonesia every 10 min.  Not cool.  Thanks for the swift reply. Glad you can sort it out..
Since yesterday I can't open the app, doesn't run at all, says error all the time. Hope it will get fixed soon. Other than that it's a very good app..
Great app but notifying repeatedly today every five mins for the same quake. I've not even updated. Will have to disable notifications if it does not stop.
The application does not work anymore. It does not even start. Please fix it as soon as possible. /// Now the application seems to work well. Thank you!.
Getting Indonesia EQ notifications endlessly. Certainly some issue with the app or the server pushing these notifications again and again. Feels like Indonesia is suffering EQ again and again.
The app is ok, fast to report info but could be improved with a filter to see only earthquakes of certain regions, with that would be 5 stars.
Good interface and simple to use but can't access my GPS although every other app can which makes the "near me" tab useless and the app itself to a great extent. Bug Fix needed..
Hey this app dont work anymore fix it please.
Materialize it, it's nice, but ugly. More material design..
Doesn't seem to allow to specify location. Random unreliable data..
Thanks to the app devs for this app. Helps me a lot as a safety practitioner..
Nothing is as useful as this. Well done..
Crashes after loading screen.
Good app, but cant cunnect, gps no working, wifi not working, cant see data....
On MIUI 8 / Android 6.0.1 no data are received and the contact feature is not working.
Very quickly give information about earthquakes, good option menu and easy to use.
Some times app is like offline .there is no info .any help.
I loved this app when it was working but I can't connect lately. Hope you can fix it soon....
You may not have notived but your server is down.
Very useful app but after last update its not working....
Its not wirking since the last update reply pls why!!!.
Macedonia not firom.
Great app .. easy to use ... love the universal 'safety graphics'..
Jako loe optimizovano, secka. Jako iritantno.
Fast & good. Hope they release it on Windows Phone too.
Thanks for the app.
wow.
Good.
Good.
We felt more than 13 Earthquakes, but no one is registered by EMSC! Country: Republic of Macedonia, all Earthquakes was felt near the Capitol of Macedonia!                                            Edit: As non-political organization why did you use political name for my country, instead of the real name?.
I would like to add my location manually but there is no option right? Otherwise  great app..
Kept sending notification every 10 minutes on latest Indonesian quake. Super annoying. I had to uninstall the app. Please fix and will rate 5 star..
Why can't app see my location? My GPS is on - but when I click "near me" it says it can not access my location.  Would be very useful if that function worked.
Please update the Lastquake mobile app. MapQuest direct tile access has been discontinued and the aerial and street maps don't load..
Very accurate app. 8 earthquakes felt today and all of them were recorded on it.
This app forgot about Iceland, none of the recent quakes are being reported, not even the larger ones .... M3 and larger.
Hi, noticed when sharing to facebook that it doesn't post location just name of app.
It's informative and alerts are displayed instantly..
GREAT.but why i can not take screenshots??.
Works just fine..
it's good.
The app works amazingly, I did notice one little TINY thing though (note for the Dev team) under the"near me" tab there is a misspelling when you get the notification of no earthquakes near you. It says "no erthquakes". Otherwise spot on folks .
Awesome, however I had to remove today as it will not stop notifying over the last Indonesia quake today. Will reinstall when fixed..
Just had a 4.8 4.9 off coast of oregon and no notification.  Yes, settings double checked. Found out about it through national weather service??? Not great. Not great at all.
Please put date and HR on testimonies so we know if it is real time.
Thanks too this app I found out how big the earthquake was today.
Most informative apps regarding seismic tremors the world around..
It often gets stuck.
Hissettigniz deprem icin tarif yapabiliyorsunuz. Deprem bilgileri hizli  guncelleniyor..
No.  Cant even display a map correctly..
The map of India in your app is wrong please rectify that.
Another good application if you want to track on with the latest earthquakes near you!.
Excellent app for keeping in touch with latest earthquakes.
It's shows the reality.Keep it up....!.
Not good mapss useage..
Thanks . Just keep it updated and bug free..
earthquakes setings not working.
accurated.
Do I Have to keep uninstalling  it????????.
Awesome really impressive with full accuracy.
No New Zealand  , No Good......
A great way to stay updated..
Notworking anymore .
Using it all the time..
Apps really works great ....
This app is very fantastic I like it.
Cool app i love it....
Pretty much accurate..
Very useful app.
Great to have.
Great info updates.
Very good.
Good application.
Useful.
Nice.
Informative.
I like it because when I know that I felt one and other people say I'm crazy , and my phone alerts me I can say,See!!!.
Absolutely amazing app with a great working process..that i liked it most....
It's good. In global map plz add my position icon..
Great app.
I am loving it.
I have another earthquake alert app which is directly retrieve datas from USGS which is 100% correct. but this particular app shows daily 5/6 fake earthquakes (nepal region) without any authentic sources because these 5/6 earthquakes didn't updated on usgs app. even I can upload the screenshots of both apps..
Personally, I don't like it. 1, it only shows the most recent quakes on the map, so you really can't get a feel for where the active zones are and you can't adjust the settings to show more. 2, all distances are shown in kilometers. While scientists may prefer kilometers, this app is supposed to be for the public and I just can't get used to kilometers. And there's no way to change this setting either. 3, they are not big on customizations, as you may have noticed, because very few settings can be changed..
A very good app. The only problem I am having is with Time Zone setting. Indian standard time is UTC+5:30, but the app is showing UTC-2:00. Please fix it..
Would give it more..but the menu is funky..I like the fact people comment on the felt quakes ..also it freezes often.  My phone is new and other apps don't do this.  Good app overall..
A 3.6 hit near Somers, Montana yesterday at 12:45am local time, and it never showed on this app. It was on Usgs website within 15 minutes.  Lame app. Deleted it..
I like the accuracy of the app and the ability to select the magnitude range and distance.. but it would be nice to be able to  choose your units of measurement instead of just km..
Download this app if you want to know everything about the earthquake incidents in real time..
Good and easy but it's not synchronizing with my location...der sud be an option to manually set Location in case GPS doesn't works properly...!!!.
im liking this app so far .. Just don't know why you need so many permissions.
Shows precisely when the mother Earth is angry at your location..
Juste arrived a notification for an earthquake happened 8hr and 30min ago.
It is not able to get GPS coordinates on Android M.
I searched and downloaded and unstalled a lot of apps to now Earthquake of my country and world's. I found this is the best and Official apps to solve my Queries..
Very informative time is the only thing I've noticed wrong keep rocking guys ,from Williams, Oregon.
Why not update data and view latest data of siesmo? I got info from Meteorology in my country about got earthquake but this apps not updating....
Don't know why it gives notification after 1 hour !!!.
Its not showing any form of information the app needs to get repaired.
This is very important application in our life for earthquake. Thanks for make this ... Save life.
It's accurate, and useful.
Other features wont let me scroll down..
looks ok but i cannot scroll in comments and user manual.
Using for last three days and got accuracy around 99% in India..
I ve been using the web version for somedays now and its great.
Super aplikacija i radi kod nas.
I found this app after first earthquake in Nepal and Bihar. Accuracy is good.....
i am nepali in kqthmandu and i can now know when it have gine.
plz add the notification...when eartquake takes place...!!.
A must have app. Very nice and impressive..
Excellent for my tidal relative studies.
Great App ! Good job !.
Tremendous software whoever make this ..
And very useful..
Samsung Glaxy.
Write local time also....
Easy to use.
Ok.
Seen better....
I love it.
Helpful App.
Good app.
Great App.
Precise and usefull.
Liked it..
Excellent.
good.
Slow and unresponsive. Needs to implement material design..
Good work!.
Facebook login not working. I get an error saying the developers of this app have not set it up properly for Facebook login..
Says I'm in Africa.
Why this app use camera and mic?.
A well designed app..
.
Thank you for LASTQUAKE!  I love it! It's great to get the latest 
information and details first than by the news... But, I have the same GPS 
location problem than others users, I'll try outside to see if my issue can 
be solve. God bless you all. Good job guys!.
If I can't choose the region or country that I want to monitor and ignore 
the others, this app is useless UPDATE . Aww sorry if your feelings are 
hurt but my comment stands.. It doesn't cover Romania and since they have 
an earthquake about event 5 min, seems kind of stupid for your app to not 
cover it.. I found better apps that do.. BTW I wrote this 3 years ago lol, 
great CS.
Looked good but does not include Canada? Showed earthquakes all over world including 2 magnitude from Italy , Turkey but did not list 2 moderate quakes off the coast of Vancouver Island in recent days that were a 4+ and 5+ magnitude? Disappointed..
I found this App inconsistent in reporting, or sometimes  taking a long time to report, an event other Android and Apple IOS apps did. Setting the range of detection seemed to work in some locations and not others: eg you knew an event occured nearby which was over the filter setting: when viewing "near me" nothing showed. Additionally, in the all events it displays 2 and 3 MM events; for most people - insignificant. The Tsunami icon feature was good but where the detail behind it. Uninstalled for now..
If you have to try to uninstall this app and reinstall it so it can work im reinstalling it now . 5 th time I really get the news on top of my phone setting..
Unless you're an earthquake enthusiast or just want the latest quake data, what's the point?.
Time of event is confusing. Maybe just say '# hrs ago '.
Don't waste your time with this app. If you like to waste time...simple download app..
Worst app... shows the quake near about 6-7 hrs before.lol app.
Not user friendly..
I would like to be able to choose what level of magnitude constitutes significant (as in the Near Me feature).
Really good app. Thankyou for creating this application so we always update about earthquake around the world..
Never accepts my comments.
Why can't connect to the server? It was a great app, but it doesnt work anymore.
Crap.
For the earthquakes this app is very useful and I'm very satisfied from the speed of thr results.
Never loads..
I just downloaded the App.
Useful application to those who engaged in science r&d and general public.
It usually takes time to tell the magnetude but still it's good.
the only real earthquake app to use is very reliable and upto date.
Nice app. Accurate. Easy to set up and use. Clear and comprehensive information. Recommended. .
Sllow server.
Excelente aplicacion!!.
Good app in recent situation.
it is a very useful app that everyone must have......
Suuuupeeerrrrr!!!.
It's a great app and does well what it says it does..
Real time update...
I like it..
Always accurate!! I recommend it. Excellent app!.
I like..
Good and almost accurate information..
Very quick response after earthquake .
good apps for post quake reference..
It is really necessary.
Wndrfl app.
Update.
 .
Meena lagna.
Its awesome app...
Best earthquakes app.
Smooth!.
Excelent app professional.
I dont think so.
Very good app.
That's not bad.
Its really good apps.....
Rivalry...
Best app in this category.
Imformative.
Informative and quick.
Nice app.
its  good to use.
Very helpful  software.
My opinion....is the best !!!.
Very easy.
Wow.
Ok.
Mal.
Bjb.
Sd.
Ok.
Verygood.
Bravo.
m.me/athal4.
Good app .
Accurate. Interactive..
.
It's nice .
Excellent!.
Best ever.
.
.
good apps.
Excellent app.
Good app.
Nice.
Good for all.
Superb add.
Nice.
Not bad.
Very good.
Good application.
VERY HELPFULL.
Very helpful.
Good app.
Super super.
Really good.
Good informatics.
Very useful.
Bad.
Good.
Amazing.
Good.
Excellent.
Good.
good.
Loved it.
Useful.
excellent.
Excellent.
Perfect.
Perfect.
Good.
Excellent
It's good because it gave information about quakes in Indonesia. As an expat living here, I find it useful. Though it still needs to be improved and include other weather data and alert such as Volcano eruptio Flooding and so on..
Excellent app from official Indonesian Bureau of Meteorology. Most comprehensive weather source for Indonesia bar none- BMKG operates-owns ALL Indonesian weather radars, co-ordinates directly with Governmental seismic Bureau & US Geological Survey. Continual updates, latest weather, includes instant alerts about extreme conditions including earthquakes. Highest recommendation. Negative reviews are from scumbag commercial competitors using BMKG's feeds. English language would be useful upgrade..
Just a suggestion. The notification should be faster if it cannot be on time. Sometimes the notification comes 30minutes more after the quake. It matters a lot to know where the epicenter is to judge evacuating route. Thank you for the app though it surely will save lifes..
The weather prediction ik OK. But the earthquake alarm is a bit annoying. Where Indonesia lies, there's bound to be several quakes in a day, and there's no setting to opt it out. Or at least just getting over 5 on a Richter scale is suffice, but nothing smaller. Need more settings..
I like the app just wish i can disable the weather reports. I use this for earthquake monitorin but at the moment each time the phone beeps its another weather warning. Please make selectable which reports we want to get. For the rest good job.
A new user but find it very informative and up to date when it comes to earthquake warning and weather forecast in Indonesia. I used to follow it's Twitter account. This app is quite an improvement..
all and all top app, working smooth on all my android phones, rate 5 star. aplikasi wajib buat orang Indonesia.
Quite helpfull for crosscheck any untrusted news which usually circulates in instant messaging app. so far...it's stable, not crashing, and gave out proper notifications.
Good, but it needs a early warning system, after a 7.0+ earthquake happens, everyone in the affacted area will get notified..
Good info, but informations are slow and sometimes late. The apps itself rarely updated and if there is bug it takes looong time before resolved.
Need to improve the weather warning, the forecast information too late before the rain come.
Well, weather forecast rarely accurate. So I decided to uninstall it..
fantastic overvioew of the situation, excellent graphics. No English language setting though, only Indonesian for Android..
I found this app not giving an acurate prediction of weather. And the layout should have been better.
Except the gps system that often errors, most of the functions are good..
Since there even living foreign people in Indonesia with less bahasa skills, an English version should be provided..
Unbelievable!!! Earthquake warnings 1 to 3 hours late, multiple errors for location. Dont rely on this app to be safe.
Please keep up the accuracy and time for the early warning broadcast.
Not very accurate but the early warning weather is great.
Good and fast information for phisical condition by region.
Very good application to know & alert for meteorologist, thanks BMKG for provide to public...
love it, for preventive action dissaster caused by weather.
This tool is very usefull for us to get the fastest information related with earth quake..
Good best but need to use noficatoin bar display!.
need notification from the app, because I think it's important to get a notifications for warn something!.
Excellence App, very usefull to mitigation of hazard.
Why noone has though about making the app in English to increase the number of users..
we need notification for "big thing", not for weathers.
Dear BMKG, If you could provide Settings, especially Notification Settings, it would be nice Sincerely, Users.
could add widget for latest earthquake and weather so we don't have to open the app everytime.
I'm very grateful to have this app because I had known the natural disasters in our country.
So slow, constantly error...
masih sangat perlu upgrade ui & ux, mungkin bisa mencontoh app AccuWeather.
the best, one and only trusted for earthquake app in Indonesia, should install in your phone, if you stay in Indonesia, keep safe guy's Thank's for BMKG.
This is helpful for my trip to Indonesia!.
User Interface still kinda old.
This app could tell us what Happened Before.. Like an Earthquake or else.
Useful, easy, excellent apps.
Good looks and very informative.
Usefull and informative..
Well, it would be better if you put the TCWC app inside..
very simple and informaative.
Please more optimally Please more optimally.
slow loading page.
I hope, the google maps of this app will be accurate.
Super helpful and informative.
Very good app. Love it.
Very useful in Indonesia.
Improved and make more best of the best.
Info is not on time. I feel gempa tapi tdk ada info idi bmkg app.
Very helpfull for update information.
good app. thanks :).
Uptodate info - Good Apps.
data was insanely accurate.
Its too much need updates.
Very use full apps...
Good and updated information.
Very useful app.
grearlt apps, very informative... give information you need if you want to go for vacation.
Great disaster and earthquake gov apps alert.
Good Apps for pre warning.
Cant refresh the data.
please... as soon as possible upload the information because sometimes took more than 10 minutes we know the info *i live in gili Trawangan, Lombok Utara, NTB.
Why you deleted Kec. Cipayung Depok on early warning broadcast ?.
Informative and representative!.
Good App ...tks.
Its good that we can know what happening in other island.
Excelent needs for human life at my experience...
Thank you bmkg for providing us with informations.good job.God bless you..
good job, indonesian people needed to download this apps..
Up to date.
Very good app.
I am happy for the information serves.
I think,it's high accuration of apl.That's all.
Very informative! Thank you!.
thanks always give information for me..
Good for us.
Can't change the location.
Need more detail, and advance looking.
Still learning how it works.
The best government app ever..
It's a good apps.
Thanks so much for....
Sangat bermanfaat, recommended!.
Informatif..good job.
Helpful for giving information.
Up to date info.
Oke, but please make bettter.....
Good very good information.
I like this app.
Sangat Bermanfaat...trims BMKG.
It's goog and very helpful.
Better than never.
Well keep going.
it's helping.
English support please.
nice for information.
i'd love it!.
#PRAYFORPALU #PRAYFORDONGGALA #30OKTO2018.
Love this app.
Informasi uptodate.
Goodd, z wsup.
Info info BMKG terkini.
More informatif please.
I love Indonesia app.
Info selalu up-date.
Bravo BMKG INDONESIA!.
kjhojh goog gooooooooooooooooooooood.
Keep update bro.
helps me alot.
Love this app.
Thank you four very muct app ok bue.
Thank you BMKG.
kapan ada tutorial gord?.
Thank You BMKG.
indonesian earthquake info.
Epriting yes oke .
proud for BMKG.
DESSY / GRERSYA.
kok waiting download terus.
Minta tolong bmkg buat peta seperti storm radar atau windy, jadi cuaca pulau bisa kelihatan dari atas. Walau tidak harus tiap jam gpp yg penting ada..
setelah update terakhir prakiraan cuaca malah sering kurang akurat dan sering gagal mengambil data. arah mata angin juga tidak akurat. mohon diperbaiki untuk bisa dijadikan pedoman dalam menghadapi pergantian cuaca..
Aplikasinya sangat bagus. Bisa tahu ramalan cuaca di kecamatan secara spesifik. Cuma saran saya, saat saya tekan tombol back, bukannya kembali ke halaman sebelumnya, tapi malah keluar aplikasi. Semoga aplikasi ini dapat terus bermanfaat.
Untuk perkiraan cuaca dll bagus. Tpi untuk perkiraan gempa. Gempa nya sudah terjadi dulu baru ada pemberitahuan gempa. Harusnya ada peringatan gempa terlebih dahulu apalagi untuk gempa diatas 7magnitudo dimanapun letak gempanya. Terima kasih.
App ini kekurangan dana, lebih bagus kalau ada Alert nya dan radar nya. Notice ke kita 2-3 hari lagi akan ada level hujan nya. Bnyk petani dan tambak memerlukan info ini..
Fitur peringatan gempa bagus. Coba ditambahkan informasi-informasi seperti yang ada di web, seperti citra satelit dll. ke dalam aplikasi ini. Makin lengkap deh.
Informasi yang sangat membantu walau hanya berupa perkiraan dan peringatan dini setidaknya dpt dijadikan panduan kewaspadaan bagi masyarakat..
Aplikasi sangat membantu. Tapi ditingkatkan lagi kemudahan menggunakan aplikasi ini, seprti dalam pengaturan>Pilih Lokasi Prakiraan Cuaca, saking banyaknya data perkecamatan di Indonesia tidak mudah pengguna mendapatkan data yang diipilih dengan cara scroll manual seperti yang ada. Mungkin dibuat mudah dengan kotak pencari yang bisa di ketik. Terimakasih.
Woi developer tolong benerin tombol back, back itu ya kembali bkn malah exit apps. Samain kaya push button back di appsnya..
Perkiraan cuaca yang paling tepat dibandingkan apk lainnya, walaupun ui-nya kurang sebagus apk lain. Kembangkan terus. Thx.
Semoga update gempa bumi bisa lebih di percepat waktu update nya dari saat gempa bumi terjadi sampai berita gempa bumi sampai di hp pengguna aplikasi bmkg.
lumayan membantu, krn trlalu ribet dimana kalo mau lihat prakiraan cuaca aja harus klik nama daerah berkali2/tiap kali buka prakiraan cuaca, padahal kan di depan udah pilih lokasi trkini, & bener muncul prakiraan ssuai lokasi, tp prakiraan yg ditampilkan/di branda mlah prakiraan di jam 4 nya harusnya prakiraannya di tiap jamnya bukan pd awal prakiraan yaitu di jm 4 nya, background nya pun masih malam/subuh.
Masukan untuk teman - teman di BMKG, saya harus mengupdate secara manual untuk mengetahui cuaca. Sebaiknya jadi otomatis saja..
Mending app yg lama. Roll buat liat jam suhu udara nya terlalu sensitif jd susah liatnya....
Makasih ya BMKG, selalu update info setiap saat..  semoga sehat selalu.
Utk perkiraan cuaca sudah akurat kalau bisa 2 jam sebelumnya sudah bisa di prediksi dan di share..
Saran min, ditambah UV index biar makin lengkap. Thanks.
Untuk ramalan cuaca jelas paling akurat dan jelas. Tapi app nya kurang mulus, misal mau scroll di perkiraan cuaca ke bawah suka nyangkut ga gerak atau malah ke kanan dan kiri gak jelas. Appnya masih banyak kekurangan, kurang intuitif dan pendapat pribadi sih pendapat pribadi saya sih tone warnanya kurang menarik, semoga cepet diselesaikan. Masa app pemerintah kalah bagus sama buatan mahasiswa. Tinggal mau gercep apa engga aja, maju terus..
sayangnya tidak ada opsi untuk bagian gempa sehingga notifikasi penuh dengan notifikasi gempa yang jaraknya 1000km dari lokasi. Disarankan kita bisa memilih sekala dan lokasi-lokasi mana saja untuk memunculkan notifikasi gempa. daerah yg saya berdiam, tidak ter-cover oleh satelite (berdasarkan weather data dari aplikasi luar yang menggunakan weather data bmkg) sehingga hanya 1/10 prakiraan yang benar. Mohon BMKG, perhatikan daerah lain, jangan hanya jabodetabek saja yang datanya mendetail.
Sekalian update aktivitas ikan untuk para pemancing dong biar makin komplit.
notifikasi tentang cuaca dalam 24 jam kedepan sudah terhitung akurat, mantap !!.
Tolong di kasih widget dong. Biar enak. Ga usah buka aplikasi...
saya rasa Indonesia ini hanya Jabodetabek,.
minusnya = pencarian Lokasinya manual..
Terbaik! .
Late post.
Sangat Imformatif *****.
Aplikasi bagus .
Sompornbutprom.
Ok.
bagus.
.
.
.
Good app.
Good app.
Very helpful.
.
HELPFUL.
Helpfull.
Good.
Aplikasi bagus yg sangat membantu bila terjadi gempa bumi dan peringatan dini cuaca. Untuk notifikasi gempa mohon dibuatkan settingan utk skala magnitudonya, misalkan kita mau notifikasi diatas 5 SR aja, jadi tdk setiap gempa dibawah 5 SR akan muncul notifikasi..
Aplikasi ini helpful banget. Selalu ada notifikasi kalau ada gempa atau cuaca ekstrim. Jadi kita bisa selalu waspada. Coba aja aplikasi ini bisa kerja sama dengan produsen hp, jadi dia bisa jadi aplikasi bawaan. Kan mantep tuh, pake aplikasi buatan dalam negeri.
bagus, tp kok ramalan cuaca agak kurang tepat, di depok saat ini sedang badai besar, tp di notifikasi tidak ada. hanya ada perkiraan cuaca biasa di jabodetabek bertuliskan "hujan sedang"  bagus banget. adapun peringatan cuaca ekstrim adanya di jawa timur. nice..
Nice app. Tolong buat pengaturan notifikasi ya. Saya ga perlu tahu gempa bumi di dasar laut di lepas pantai Sulawesi (misalnya).. saya tinggal jauh dari dasar laut.
Kontennya sangat terbatas, diharapkan aplikasi ini bisa memberikan informasi Citra Radar yang real-time. Itu akan sangat berguna sekali bagi para penggunanya..
Gagal menampilkan lokasi. Sangat lelet meskipun jaringan lancar. Sering gagal menampilkan data. Mohon di update..
aplikasinya cukup bermanfaat terutama peringatan dini cuaca-nya tapi utk lokasi masih kurang lengkap. masih belum sampai level kecamatan bahkan kelurahan seperti beberapa aplikasi prakiraan cuaca lainnya..mungkin infobmkg bisa dibuat seperti itu...
tolong dibuat fitur notifikasi pop up apabila terjadi peristiwa (gempa bumi paling utama) yang terjadi di sekitar daerah pengguna, biar ada peringatan dini buat masyarakat yg ada di sekitar daerah tersebut agar bsa lebih berhati-hati.. tolong untuk dipertimbangkan opsi ini krn saya lihat rata2 komentar tentang aplikasi ini adalah tidak adanya fitur tersebut. terima kasih p.s : notifikasi gempa kurang cepat dan tidak on time. saya selalu dapat notifikasi terlambat sampai 10 menit lebih..
Lebih baik bila dapat memasang widget di home screen, sehingga bisa lihat prakiraan cuaca dari beranda hp.
Ubahlah tampilan nya (UI) supaya lebih futuristik alias kekinian....masa' iconnya aja masih yg lama.....mapnya juga masih model jadul.
sangat baik dan berguna bagi masyarakat, aplikasi yang cukup membantu memprediksi cuaca yang sering berubah, tingkatkan terus mutunya..
aplikasinya sdh bagus. cuma saran aja kalau bisa untuk notifikasinya ditambahkan nama provinsinya. agak bingung juga kalau ngga ada nama provinsinya..
Cukup berguna aplikasinya. Sayang update cuacanya tidak datang lebih awal, tapi datang bersamaan dengan waktu hujan turun..
Ingatlah akhirat, ingat yaumul kiyamah. Gempa sudah benar benar sering terjadi. Apa yg dikatakan nabi SAW benar terbukti sekarang..
Seharusnya app tetap berada dibackground aktif dan prakiraan cuaca berdasarkan lokasi user berada, bukan diatur manual,,,msh blm sempurna.
Notifikasi tidak muncul di Infinix Hot 8. Padahal sudah disetting sedemikian rupa agar notifikasi muncul tetapi tetap saja tidak muncul.
Membantu.. mungkin minta di percepat dan ada fitur enable notification by SMS utk area user tertentu..
Perlu menyesuaikan waktu applikasi dengan ponsel, penggunaan applikasi berskala seluruh indo pak !.
Prakiraan cuaca ga bisa dibuka, berkali-kali tertulis "gagal mengambil data".
Gagal mengambil data. Bug: sudah hidupin GPS, tapi masih ada tulisan "Gagal mengambil data"..
Bermanfaat sekali untuk peringatan dini cuaca dan informasi gempa bumi ..
Sangat membantu memberikan informasi terupdate seputar bencana di wilayah indonesia.
Baiknya lokasi di "home" gunakan lokasi default device Lokasi "early warning" juga baiknya lokasi default device.
Bermanfaat sekali ya kan dong ah pun kan kan info terima kasih.
Sangat membantu sekali untuk cari kabar cuaca dan gempa.
masih belum stabil, di perbaiki lagi supaya lbh smooth. keep up!.
Tolong disediakan widget untuk hourly forecast cuaca.. Sangat dibutuhkan.
Walaupun, infonya agak terlambat dari provider yg lain.
Gk bisa lihat perkecamatan keadaan cuaca ny.
Berguna banget notifnya untuk info gempa.
Informatif, tapi kadang gak stabil.
Anak Krakatau meletus, ga ada info blas...., uninstal ajah.
Knp kalo di-back malah exit ya?.
Mantab dah ni apps.
Info cuaca salah terus..
Aplikasi yg sangat membantu.
Selalu update. Berguna.
Bagus muantab manfaat.
Selalu up to date. Semoga jd lebih baik. Trmksh bmkg..
Sangat bermanfaat.
Tidak akurat.
Bagus bagus....
Informatif.
Mantap.
Goooooooodd.
Ok.
Ok.
Good! .
.
Very helpfull.
Very helpful.
Good info.
Good info.
AWESOME....
excellent.
Goood.
Best.
Good.
Good.
Good.
good.
good.
Good.
Sbnnrya ni app bagus secara fungsional memang dpt. Hanya saja developer kurang mempertimbangkan perihal limit notifikasi. Hape saya bisa online 24 jam full krn pekerjaan,saya jujur jd kurang respect dng app ini yg tdk menyediakan limit notifikasi dan opsi pilih notifikasi per wilayah yg diperlukan user jadinya semua notifikasi dr sabang-merauke tetep nongol ga habis" ini mengganggu user yg tdk sdg bepergian.Bahkan dr semua app d hp,cuma app ini yg notifikasinya tersering dan terbanyak!Ckckckck.
Meski mengerikan kareta tiap ada gempa di seluruh indonesia di update teruz tapi gpp programnya cukip baik. Jadi kita mengetahui daerah mana yang terjadi bencana.
Habis update, loadingnya lebih lama. Padahal kalau ada apa-apa, kita butuh info cepat. Tolong perbaiki, ya..
Sangat membantu, saya tinggal di ambon dengan data tsb. Namun update notifikasi butuh 10-15 min bahkan lebih. Mohon lebih cepat update datanya untuk kita warning..
Versi ini hanya bisa menampilkan data gempa terkini. Tidak bisa menampilkan data sebelumya baik dengan intensitas 5 keatas atau yang dirasakan. Diperlukan jika gempa terjadi dekat dengan domisili..
Kalau boleh bisa diberi alarm sesuai daerah masing-masing yang terkena gempa. In case pas kejadian kita tidur dan tidak tahu.
aplikasi sangat membantu. sudah bagus menampilkan info bmkg terkini, akan sangat lebih membantu jika dapat menampilkan history gempa min 7 hari belakangan..
Yg versi 2.5 kok malah gak bisa lock location...? Layar pertama "info gempa"-nya terpotong, begitu masuk ke halaman "gempa" malah gak keluar gambarnya... Versi 2.4.1 semua info malah berjalan lancar... (Saya pakai Redmi Note 4x dgn AOSP Custom Rom).
Mohon UI dan UX-nya dirombak, masih banyak bug jg. Aplikasi ini termasuk penting buat saya.
Gak akurat, pusing atur jadwal. Di aplikasi berawan. Faktanya malah Hujan..
Sangat informatif, semoga bisa lebih realtime/dini lagi ya informasinya, terutama untuk peringatan dini tsunami..
Sudah diganti lokasi munculnya tetap saja jakarta pusat. Padahal location services sudah on.
Bagus banget. Sangat membantu. Btw, banyak yang download pas gempa tadi hehehehe.
Notif cuaca gak sesuai tempat. Judul notifikasi daerah kita tapi informasi nya daerah lain..
Terlalu banyak notifikasi. Misalnya untuk gempa, kalau tidak terasa sebaiknya notifnya juga tidak muncul..
mungkin lebih bagus lagi jika ada widgetnya.
Salah satu referensi yg berguna dari sisi cuaca.
Data gempa tidak muncul, tolong diperbaiki.
Sangat membantu informasi tentang gempa dan cuaca..
Sangat Informatif, terkini dan dapat dipercaya.
Keren, bagus, informatif, berita dan informasinya selalu update.
Kadang jelas, kadang gak jelas. Gagal mengambil data..
Terimakasih BMKG, sangat bermanfaat.
Sangat membantu info cepat.
Update info bencana..mantap.
Kacau nggak update.
Bagus... Sangat informatip.
Terimakhasih info2nya.
Lumayan informatif.
Sangat membantu.
Thank you.
Kok gak ada widget nya ????.
BMKG mantapp....
Keren.
Mantap.
Bagus.
Mantul.
Mantulllllll.
.
.
Very good.
helpfull app.
Very helpful.
Nice App.
Good lah.
.
.
Good.
Easy.
Good.
Mm.
Good.
Good.
nice.
Good.
Good.
Top.
Awesome.
good.
mungkin lebih top lagi kalo ditambahi notifikasi kalo ada gempa dsb ya.. krn orang2 lebih dekat dg hape ketimbang tipi...
Jujur aja aplikasinya bagus sekali jika terjadi gempa, hanya saja jika gempanya dekat banten. Langsung aplikasinya ERROR gak bisa dibuka, pas 2jam kemudian barubdeh mincul notifikasi kalau ada gempa 2 JAM YANG LALU. Dah gitu notifikasinya muncul terus ada kali 3 kali mincul ini notif dengan isi yang sama. Jadi mohon do fixed lagi. Karena jadi gak akurat sama sekali .
Semua informasi cuaca yang aku butuhkan ada di aplikasi ini, apalagi informasi tentang gempa yang disediakan sangat membantu. Terutama mereka yang tinggal di daerah rawan bencana. Good Job BMKG, dan terus kembangkan teknologi tentang weather forecasting Indonesia.
saran ada pop up notification untuk early warning kepada semua pengguna aplikasi berdasarkan lokasi masing2 pengguna.. sehingga ada fungsi yg signifikan dari aplikasi ini bila terjadi bencana alam.
Mungkin bisa ditambahkan Pop up dan suara alert gempa kalau gempa dirasakan ditempat kita berada, mungkin itu bisa membuat app ini lebih sempurna.
sy punya beberapa saran untuk aplikasi ini 1. melihat kondisi cuaca di kota lain dengan fitur daftar kota, 2. tambah fitur widget yang bisa dikustom, 3. custom notifikasi, jadi user bisa memilih notif yg mau diterima, 4. peringatan dini bencana, berupa notif dan berita 5. untuk para dev agar ada pemasukan untuk rnd, mungkin bisa ditambahkan ads/iklan yg non intrusive, dan fitur premium.
Tolong donk Ada mode getar atau alerts yg bisa diaktifkan Di pengaturan, sehingga setiap Ada gempa/kejadian alam lainnya langsung otomatis bergetar seperti alarm/ sejenisnya Di Layar utama handphone.
Selalu gagal menemukan lokasi. Padahal gps sudah selalu high accuracy. Tolong untuk di perbaiki. Saya tidak bisa dapat info apapun untuk wilayaj surabaya. Selalu setting nya di jakarta pusat.
Sangat informatif. Tapi butuh penyempurnaan: 1. Saat muncul notif gempa, notif itu di-klik, lalu diarahkan masuk ke halaman "home". Saran: seharusnya diarahkan masuk ke halaman "gempa bumi" "terkini". 2. Lokasi msh bergantung pada GPS. Saran: berikan menu setting lokasi tanpa GPS on..
Kenapa notifikasi untuk peringatan dini cuaca nya cuma jabodetabek? Knapa gak baca info lokasi dimana handphone berada? lha kalo lagi di kalimantan, sulawesi, papua, dll... yg muncul kok tetep notifikasi buat jabodetabek? emang indonesia cuma jabodetabek aja? WTF?.
mohon maaf , sepertinya ada masalah dengan google Maps nya ga bisa di reload padahal pengaturan location udah di aktifkan. sepertinya fasilitas API google maps nya udah ga free lagi.
Sudah update tapi tetap yang muncul selalu jakarta pusat, padahal sdh on gps nya..tlg di perbaiki min, waktu gempa juga terlambat, lebih bagus klo ada mode getar tiap x ada info.
Notifikasi ttg gempa bumi baru muncul 2-4 jam kemudian. Perkiraan cuaca default Jakarta, gagal menemukan lokasi pdhl location info on dgn akurasi tinggi. Perlu perbaikan lagi..
App is ok, cmn lebih baik lagi kalo bisa merubah notifikasi info cuaca sesuai lokasi pengguna. Saya cuman dapat info cuaca jabotabek sedangkan saya tinggal di sulawesi....
Beberapa fitur error,"halaman ini tidak dapat memuat gmaps", hanya fitur cuaca yg bagus.
Saya bukan warga Jabodetabek dan tidak tinggal di area Jabodetabek, serta tidak berniat jadi warga Jabodetabek. Tapi kenapa notifikasi peringatan dini cuaca selalu untuk wilayah Jabodetabek? Padahal bagian informasi cuaca di dalam app-nya bisa menunjukkan info cuaca untuk area tempat saya tinggal. Mohon diperbaiki..
Butuh di fix lagi, krn sering error saat menampilkan peta gempa bumi.
Kenapa lokasinya tidak bisa ya ? Sudah High Accuracy utk settingnya, jd ter-default Jakpus terus..
Aplikasinya sudah bagus, tapi akan lebih baik jika update kondisi cuaca sesuai lokasi kota, bukan hanaya jabodetabek saja.. setiap hari yg muncul di notifikasi.
bintang 3 dulu , diperbaiki lg lah , banyak yg gak fungsi , contoh nya "maps" nya gak bisa load , ada fitur nya tp ga work buat apa , trus tolong nofitikasi cuaca nya jgn hanya jabodetabek doang , kasih notifikasi sesuai lokasi kita, dan juga ui nya mungkin perlu di rapiin lg lah, rada berantakan ui nya, btw saya kasih jempol buat prakiraan cuacanya .
Aplikasi yg bagus dan bermanfaat, tapi sepertinya terlalu informatif..jadi sering banget ada notif tentang gempa masuk..mungkin bisa ditambah fitur setting untuk mengatur notif untuk lokasi gempa yang diinginkan dan frekuensi notifnya.
tolong sensor diperbanyak untuk wilayah kota palembang karena tidak dipungkiri daerah blind fault layaknya gempa pidie 2016 & 2017 bisa2 juga terjadi dikota palembang.
Sudah informatif, keren. Masukan ya, kalau gempa ber magnitudo 7, kan otomatis ada peringatan tsunami tuh. Kalau ada tsunami tolong informasikan ada dimana saja, jangan langsung diakhiri (walau sudah surut). Sekali lagi, tolong diinformasikan terlebih dahulu tsunami telah terjadi di ... setinggi ... meter, setelah itu silakan untuk mengakhiri peringatan tsunami. Agar orang awam paham jam dan lokasinya. Mohon tidak berdebat ttg definisi dicabut & diakhiri. Terima kasih.
Sudah setting GPS high accuracy tapi lokasi defaultnya tetap tidak berubah Jakarta Pusat.. Tolong segera diperbaiki :((.
Usul donk, ada setting notifikasi lbh detail, jd kt bs setting mau brp magnitudo br dpt notif n daerah mn sj, jd tdk smua daerah n smua mag diinfo d notif, pasti bisalah IT nya kan, maju terus ya.
Maaf rating 1. Karena sejak update 2.4.1 GPS malah gagal menemukan lokasi, dan tidak ada fitur menemukan lokasi secara manual. Sehingga hanya menunjuk langsung lokasi Jakarta pusat.
tampaknya setelah membaca beberapa review, banyak yang meminta notifikasi serta fitur pengaturannya ditambahkan di aplikasi ini (karena saya juga salah satu diantaranya), yang saya harap segera ditanggapi. teman saya yang juga menginstall namun di iphone, kayanya bisa muncul notifikasi. apakah perlu pengaturan khusus atau memang bermasalah di devicenya?.
Error, semua gk bisa tampilkan. Mohon difix segera... Trima kasih..
push notifications 'peringatan dini cuaca...' sesuaikan dengan domisili users dong. tiap saat yg keluar di push notifikasi hanya Jabodetabek aja, padahal saya tinggal di Bali. irrelevant. harus klik dulu jadinya untuk lihat yang daerah bali..
Apps nya bagus, cuman sayangnya ga ada notifikasinya. Buat saran sih ada notifikasi nya buat tiap tiap tempat, dimanapun pengguna berada, biar kalo lagi ga buka apps nya, kalo ada info terbaru, pengguna bisa terus ter update berita berita nya, karena notifikasi nya dalam apps ini sangat penting banget. .
knp skrg tak ada notif cuaca ataupun gempa? sy instal di dua hp satunya di iPhone sm juga tak ada notif, cthnya kmrn yg gempa di Papua skala 7 Richter.
Aplikasinya ok. Tapi perlu menu setting, misalnya utk pengaturan notifikasi apk semua warning ditampilkan atau warning tertentu saja..
selalu lewat dari perkiraan juga infonya telat, untuk jawa barat atau JABODETABEK selalu hujan dulu baru info masuk. not recommended.
applikasinya sedang error sepertinya krn beberapa kali dibuka blank tdk ada tulisan apa2,hanya ada pop up notifikasinya saja... mohon diperbaiki.
location udah aktif, tapi app nya gabisa nemuin lokasi, jadi yg ditampilkan malah cuaca jakarta aja.. notifnya jg hanya Jabodetabek. Apakabar sulawesi?.
Saya kasih *1 dulu, karena tampilannya masih berantakan dan lokasinya tidak bisa pindah dari jakarta pusat :(.
tolong untuk tampilan cuaca di beranda diberi pilihan untuk merubah lokasinya. jangan hanya berdasarkan gps saja. kenapa jakarta defaultnya, kenapa tidak bisa di ubah, kenapa hanya berbasis lokasi saja, jika penguncian lokasinya gagal masak defaultnya jakarta? sangat mengganggu sekali ketika buka aplikasi cuacanya yg tampil malah kota lain. sedangkan tidak semua smartphone lock gpsnya cepat dan akurat..
Sebaiknya app dilengkapi pengaturan lokasi secara manual, agar pengguna tidak perlu selalu mengaktifkan lokasi. Minimal, app dapat mengingat lokasi yang telah ditemukan sekali menggunakan fitur lokasi ponsel..
Ketika ada notifikasi berita soal gempa ataupun peringatan soal kondisi cuaca, dan di buka, halaman aplikasi ini blank. Informatif tapi tidak stabil aplikasinya..
Ini aplikasi yang paling bikin ga bisa tidur, krn dihitung2 sehari lebih dari 4 kali ada notif gempa . Tapi aplikasi ini juga meningkatkan kewaspadaan kita bahwa Indonesia memang rawan gempa dan juga ketaqwaan pada Allah SWT karena ketika bencana terjadi, padaNya lah kita berlindung..
Notif terlalu banyak. Sebaiknya bisa setel notif apa yg ingin ditampilkan, misal gempa diatas 5 saja, atau yg sifatnya penting. Terlalu banyak notif = mengganggu, akhirnya diabaikan..
Gimana ceritanya gempa 7.7 skala richter, tanggal 24 Juni 2019, jam 09:53, di maluku "tidak berpotensi tsunami" ? Apa gara gempanya di laut dalam atau memang aplikasinya yg salah ?.
optimal, tambahkan firtur GPS cuaca dapat diposisikan secara manual ( lokasi kota di atur secara manual ), karena beberapa smartphone GPS-nya tidak bekerja dan tidak perlu menyalakan layanan lokasi untuk lebih hemat baterai.
info bagus. untuk gempa sendiri. tolong bhat pengaturan notifikasi untuk gempa diatas 6 atau 7 agar gempa yg tidak berbahaya/tidak dirasakan tidak perlu muncul notifikasi di layar smartphone..
menurut saya aplikasi ini sudah cukup baik. namun alangkah baiknya lagi jika diberi tambahan pengaturan sehingga pengguna dapat mengatur notifikasi/pemberitahuan informasi apa saja yg dapat ditampilkan. karena selama penggunaan aplikasi ini, saya merasa cukup terganggu dengan notif yg terlalu sering muncul, sedangkan notif tersebut (contohnya peringatan dini cuaca) tidak sedang berlangsung di tempat saya berada. terima kasih. semoga ke depan bisa lebih baik.
Terimakasih sudah membuat aplikasi yang sangat informatif. Satu saran saya agar disediakan pengaturan notifikasi sehingga user bisa mengeleminasi notifikasi yg tidak relevan bagi user. Keep up the good work!.
Dear Admin, mohon untuk diperbaiki aplikasinya karena tidak bisa digunakan untuk informasi gempa terkini... Informasi gempa terkini berikut weather tidak tampil pada aplikasi.
bmkg noob kabarin soal pusat dan skala gempa lama banget duluan datang gempa susulan gak kaya earthquakes & weather selalu update .. auto uninstall karena sekarang gua udah punya E&W .
bagus ni systemnya tanggap, cuma servernya suka overload pas ada gempa, mungkin perlu diupgrade environment nya.
fitur sudah lengkap, tp alangkah baiknya ditambah setting notifikasi, misalnya pilihan skala minimum gempa yg mncul di notif.. overall bagus.
Tolong tingkatkan lagi pelacak lokasi karna saya rasa pelacak GPS ya terlalu lama mengambil info daerah lokal..
Bagus bgt. sya masyrkat indonesia mendukung app ini. semoga selalu diperbaiki app ny biar makin membantu masyrakat agar tanggap cuaca dan bencana..
kasi info gempa terakhirnya setelah 30-40 menit terjadi gempa... mungkin kalau tsunami datang, kita sudah amblas baru ada notifikasi... menyebalkan 100%.
Notifikasi gempa baru muncul beberapa jam kemudian.. Setiap buka notif, nggak langsung muncul yg terbaru. harus klik "refresh" dulu.
tolong di perbaiki pencarian wilayah kotanya ... saya selalu error dan tidak bisa memilih kota secara manual ....
Tolong ada pilihan ModeAlert ketika ada gempa. Bkn hny sekedar informasi tp jg sbg peringatan user.
Error di map pada menu iklim (semua submenu), serta error di map menu cuaca maritim...
informasi cuaca yg ditampilkan di notifikasi hanya bisa untuk jabodetabek saja. saya perlu informasi cuaca berdasarkan lokasi tempat saya berada. mohon diperhatikan..
lebih baik lagi kalau notifikasi hanya utk kejadian gempa atau potensi tsunami di area sekitar kita sehingga lebih relevan.
Kalau bisa di improve lagi untuk aplikasinya bisa terdapat menu alarm di lokasi lokal setempat menggunakan GPS, sehingga dapat mendeteksi gempa maupun tsunami dari jarak beberapa meter sekalipun maupun di tempat, kalau bisa tanpa kendala delay juga harus mesti realtime, mana ada juga bencana dengan info delay keburu kelar dulu manusianya, dan kalau bisa dibuat untuk koneksi lambat agar tetap bisa terbuka dan terload dengan cepat maps dan pemberitahuannya.....
Aplikasi nya sangat membantu informasi lebih cepat . tapi sayang nya tidak ada pengaturan interval notifikasi dan on off notifikasi. Hampir tiap menit ada notifikasi..
Klo bisa ada penambahan tentang informasi prakiraan gempa dan tsunami yg akan terjadi...
App yg baik, tapi terlalu jalarta minded. info cuaca di beranda seharusnya bisa dikustomisasi lokasinya.
Bagus kok aplikasi nya, cuman kan ini app penting banget buat informasi seputar bencana atau lainnya di Indonesia, jadi menurut saya sih lebih bagus di buat mode offline supaya bisa dipakai kapan pun.
Aplikasinya sudah bagus dan informatif tapi menurut saya yg kurang adalah pengaturan untuk menampilkan notifikasi sesuai keinginan kita, misalnya menampilkan notif hanya untuk gempa M > 4 sehingga tidak memenuhi notification bar..
Tolong di update dong supaya kita bisa mengatur notif. Gempa Dalam skala richter brapa aja kita bisa dpt info. Agak mengganggu jga sih notifnya kalau tiap hri dpt notifikasi gempa yg cuma skala richter 3 atau 2 kebawah..
Aplikasi bagus, tapi mungkin di berikan pengaturan notifikasi sesuai kebutuhan user. Misalnya hanya butuh notifikasi gempa di area sekitarnya saja dan bisa non aktifkan prakiraan cuaca.
Dear BMKG, usul app ini sebaiknya jadi alat peringatan dini dengan menyalakan alarm tanda bahaya (ada level) sekaligus petunjuk dini penyelamatan diri berdasarkan lokasi smartphone..
Sangat jelek, update peringatan gempa yang sangat lama, butuh waktu sampai 7-9 menit update info dalam aplikasi. Misal selama itu mungkin sudah dihantam tsynami sebelum dapat peringatannya.
bagus tapi notif masuknya bertubi2 , mohon semoga ada pilihan atau filter notif gempa sesuai lokasi atau radius sekian km dari lokasi pilihan atau lokasi user. mis : radius 100km dari kota padang , supaya tidak terlalu banyak notif masuk. .
Absolutely bad, gagal menampilkan informasi di medan, padahal 2 hari yang lalu masih bisa digunakan dengan baik..
ketika mau liat prakiraan cuaca dll ada keterangan gagal mengambil data terus ya?? minta tolong diperbaiki supaya ke depan jadi apps. yang semakin informatif lagi.
Bagus sih appsnya Tp knp update peringatan dini cuaca cuma jabodetabek terus. Paling ngk selain itu, kota pengguna berada jg dikasih info. Terima kasih.
Belum lama terjadi gempa di SUMUR-Banten. mau cek via aplikasi ini ada alert gagal mengambil data terus. hmmm.. di situasi yg seperti ini mencoba mencari berita dari salah satu sumber resminya gagal..
Sebaiknya info yang ditampilkan diutamakan daerah setempat, sehingga info yg didapatkan lebih aktual. Misalnya saya ingin tau kualitas udara di Padang, namun tidak ada datanya atau saya ingin mengetahui gempa terakhir di Padang, cukup sulit menemukannya. Semoga menjadi pertimbangan thanks..
Aplikasi ini terlalu JABODETABEK SENTRISME. Orang luar Jabotabek, apalagi luar Jawa, seakan dipaksa untuk mengetahui perubahan cuaca di Jabotabek. Apa untungnya coba buat kita orang di daerah?.
Sebaiknya di app ini terdapat notif berupa alarm gempa secara otomatis menyala jika posisi kita masuk dalam radius terdampak, jangan hanya sekedar notif di hp dan sms. Jadi kalau orang sdg tidur pun bisa terbangun untuk lebih waspada..
notifikasi peringatan dini cuacanya selalu terlambat...harusnya ada peringatan dini dlu baru turun hujan...ini malah ujan dlu baru ada peringatan dini..kyk gitu mah g juga bisa bikin peringatan dini sendiri...yang dimaksud dengan notifikasi peringatan dini menurut kalian itu apa sih?.
lokasinya gagal memperbarui terus knpa ya? Koneksi internet bagus & saya jg udh coba dg mengunsintall lalu diinstall lg tp tetep aja gak bisa...
Pasti gempa yang lagi marak maraknya terjadi ulah bmkg supaya laku aplikasinya,nnti kalau gempanya sudah reda saya tambahi bintangnya :v.
bagus aplikasi nya sangat membantu, informasi jelas tapi sayang, notifnya jelek bikin rame statusbar tidak grouping seperti aplikasi lainnya mohon segera di update.
jika bisa mohon update pengaturan kota, di beranda selalu tampil cuaca Jakarta (meskipun GPS on, gagal menemukan lokasi, menampilkan cuaca Jakarta), ada pengaturan mencari lokasi melalui GPS / pengaturan manual. Buatkan widget... ada app BMKG untuk prakiraan cuaca, kami widget cuaca masih bawaan android...
saya saran kalau misalnya ada bencana seperti gempa dan lain lain tolong pake alarm agar pengguna tau bahwa ada bencana ini aplikasi sangat bagus kok .. tapi ini emang bener setiap hari terjadi gempa??????.
Aplikasi ini sangat membantu. Yang paling saya suka yaitu ada notifikasi berkala tentang update bencana terkini. Semoga kedepan nya aplikasi ini semakin baik lagi..
info selalu terbarukan, sayangnya pilihan setting tdk ada setting utk pengguna supaya bisa bebas menentukan info apa yg hanya dibutuhkan pengguna, serta pelacakan gps tdk akurat.
buat pengembang aplikasi buat notifikasi dong kalau ada gempanya... biar aplikasinya lebih mantap lagi. tambah, masak info gempanya telat 1 jam. seenggaknya beberapa menit aja..
Kok sering gagal mngambil data yah? Bukan masalah jaringan saya, jaringan saya baik" saja. Apa ada yang salah dengan server? Posisi saya di banten.
kenapa ya kok di hp saya gak bisa akses aplikasinya??? tapi kalau ada gempa notifikasi nya masuk terus, pas buka di aplikasinya malah gak bisa. mohon bantuannya..
Masing butuh perbaikan, terkadang data yang diinginkan tak tertampilkan.. hanya layar warna tanpa data, seperti pemandangan awan biru hahaha, gak ada info yang tertera.
kenapa lokasi pas buka aplikasi selalu jakarta barat dimanapun saya berada. dan ga bisa diganti setting dengan currently location sayakan ga di jakarta barat..
aplikasi yg sangat informatif dan brilian, tetapi bisakah lebih spesifik terhadap notif dan lokasi. Seperti disaat user bedomisili atau berada di provinsi sumatera barat atau kota padang, bisakah user mendapatkan notifikasi prakiraan cuaca berdasarkan lokasi user tersebut? Soalnya disaat user hanya butuh prakiraan cuaca di tempat ia berada, user malah menerima notifikasi tentang DKI jakarta atau lokasi dimana ia tidak berada.
Makin mengada-ada saja aplikasi ini, padahal sudah terjadi gempa di jawa tetapi mengapa yang mengalami gempa harus terjadi pada hatiku?.
Sudah lama tidak bisa update perkiraan cuaca, padahal GPS sudah aktif dan dapat berfungsi pada aplikasi yang lain. Pun sudah dicoba untuk uninstall kemudian install kembali, namun keadaannya masih sama. Tolong perbaikannya ya, karena sebelumnya sangat membantu dan salah satu aplikasi yang bekerja dengan baik..
barusan ujan min hari ini 13 april 2019 jam 14.30 di daerah tangerang, di aplikasi cerah..untung ga jadi pergi keluar .
Notifikasi kelamaan baru muncul setelah nunggu berjam-jam. Agar segera di fix..
Kalau bisa ditambahkan opsi notifikasi, misalnya jenis notifikasi apa saja yg ingin di tampilkan (i.e. Gempa >4 sr, curah hujan)..
bagus, tapi harus dikasi pilihan filter notifikasinya. jadi ga setiap ada gempa hp bunyi. tolong buatkan filter by SR atau filter potensi tsunami.
Tolong di sediakan setting notifikasi.. sehingga tidak setiap hari ada notif kecuali yg sangat dekat dgn lokasi. terima kasih.
GPS dan data internet jalan dg baik, tapi kenapa deteksi lokasi keliru jauh sekali? Sabang - Aceh vs Malang - Jatim .
Saya gabisa liat data iklim. Kayanya tidak bisa memuat Google maps dengan benar. Padahal ini untuk perencanaan ladang saya .
Kenapa gagal mengambil mangambil data terus yah? Padahal jaringan baik baik aja. Udah dicoba uninstall kemudian install lagi tetep sama..
KENAPA NGAK ADA WIDGETNYA JADI HARUS BUKA DULU APP BARU BISA TAU CUACA KLO ADA WIDGET KHAN BISA DILIHAT LANGSUNG CUACA TANPA.BUKA APLIKASI.
admin sebaiknya dilakukan update untuk tahun 2019, krn kendala titik GPS kurang tepat dan akurat, untuk informasi cuaca sudah tepat dan akurat, Terima Kasih..
tidak bisa setting lokasi utk perkiraan cuaca. pakai gps pun lokasinya tidak tepat. notifikasinya kurang bisa di custom. buka aplikasinya juga lama.
klo bisa dibikin bis milih opsi kota yg bisa dipilih tanpa nyalain location n alarm tiap da gempa terjadi..
Seandainya ada setting untuk memilih notifikasi tertentu saja, baik secara kategori dan juga secara lokasi, saya kasih bintang 5..
ada baiknya kalau ada semacam alarm untuk pengguna yang mengingatkan misalnya pengguna berada di daerah yang terkena gempa atau potensi tsunami..
Aplikasi berfaedah tahun ini. Semoga Indonesia selalu dijauhi dari segala macam musibah dan selalu dalam lindungan Allah SWT. aamiin.
ini cara ganti default lokasi info cuaca gimana ya ? saya tinggal di serpong tapi info nya depok ga bisa di ganti.
Push notifications cuaca BMKG isinya cuma jabodetabek. payah.. indonesia ga cuma JABODETABEK PAK!!.
cara merubah lokasi gmn y? saya bukan warga jakarta tp yg tampil malah jakarta :-(.
Sangat membantu, ttapi sebaikny jgn diupdate dulu bagi yg belum, krna stelh di update bnyk info2 yg sulit dibuka.
Keseluruhan aplikasinya sudah bagus, hanya saja untuk menentukan lokasi pengguna masih selalu gagal, mohon diperbaiki. Terima kasih.
Keren banget gak hanya info cuaca, tapi juga ada info gempa. Ini aplikasi emang cocok banget buat orang Indo.
Tidak bisa save default location. Masa harus mengandalkan gps on terus. Diperbaiki ya, nanti saya ganti bintang 5.
Membantu sekali dalam keadaan yg sekarang sering terjadi gempa di Indonesia.
Notifikasinya kadang muncul kadang tidak. Kemudian kurang update juga, hari ini sudah 2 kali gempa di mamasa tapi tidak update..
Sangat membantu tapi tolong diperbarui di bagian lokasinya karena kurang akurat.
Selalu gagal menemukan lokasi, padahal sudah pakai high accuracy gps. Location access jg dah dikasih ke aplikasinya..
Lebih sering eror timbang updet... Ini g mau di buat pembaruan gtu, wahai developer apps... Barang penting loh ini.
Aplikasi selalu update mengenai cuaca, gempa, titik api, dan lain2. Saran mohon untuk ditambahkan pemilihan lokasi secara manual..
lebih perfect lagi jika bisa di tambahkan menjadi widget dan ada alarm peringatan apabila terjadi sesuatu . terimakasih.
bang hari minggu nanti kakak saya mau nikahan, bisa di tunda dulu tidak hujan di daerah cipendet..
kenapa ya baru diperbarui tapi informasi gempa nya gabisa dilihat.eror terus. mohon di perbaiki.
Bagus.. Tapi tolong sertai pengaturan on/off utk notifikasi cuaca & bencana.. sehingga user bisa memilih mau notifikasi apa yang mau tertampil....
performanya sangat baik, terima kasih untuk aplikasi ini, tetap semangat untuk para staff yang bekerja dalam BMKG : ).
knp gak bisa ganti kota ,masa liat jakarta padahl bukan tinggal di jakarta.
Hilangkan notifikasi cuaca saya tidak tinggal di jabodetabek tapi notif selalu muncul.
Dengan aplikasi ini kita bisa mengetahui info cuaca, gempa dll, sangat bermanfaat.
Buat developernya, tolong billing google maps nya diatasi dong, atau pakai online map services yang lain.
5 bintang jika notifikasi bisa berbasiskan area pengguna. Misal pengguna di Surabaya bisa disetting hanya mendapat notifikasi jika ada bencana di Surabaya.
Sangat membantu update cuaca terutama gempa bumi . Thanks info BMKG team.
Google maps nya belum diberikan Google API key atau key-nya salah sehingga ada watermark "for development purpose only"..
Akurasi GPS tidak kuat, jaringan uda 4g, lokasi saya tinggal di Boroko,Sulut , info cuaca malah DKI Jakarta.
tolong segera diperbaiki bug yg ada di aplikasi. karena informasi gempa bumi tidak bisa di akses.
Di update dong terutama bagian notifikasi supaya kita bisa atur yg mana harus muncul notifikasinya.
Kenapa situsnya malah down websitnya juga sama.... masyarakat butuh info cepat tolong d tingkatkan ya min.
Setelah di update... selalu gagal menemukan lokasi,.. padahal gps sudah on. dan notifnya selalu terlambat masuk. tolong di perbaiki..
bisa ga dibuat ada settingan notif biar gempa di atas 5 SR aja yg muncul notif?.
Keren dan informatif sekali. Terus diperbaiki dan dikembangkan untuk memberikan informasi yg lebih akurat dan dini lagi..
lokasi kadang ga dapet. sebaiknya bisa manual. dan push ramalan cuaca jabotabek sebaiknya dikurangi. yg diluar jabotabek ga peduli sama cuaca jabotabek..
peringatan dini hanya berisi cuaca saja. info gempa hanya disaat terjadinya gempa. tdk ada peringatan dini sebelum gempa di aplikasi ini..
Trmksh atas aplikasi ini. Sy sll dpt informasi tntg prakiraan cuaca dll.. Good job.. Txs u.
Sudah bagus, tapi untuk informasi kualitas udara belum lengkap dan lokasi masih sering keliru....
Aplikasi informatif perihal meteorologi, klimatologi, dan geofisika. Tetapi bagi saya yg berdomisili Bandung notifikasi *sangat mengganggu ; 1.Ramalan cuaca jabodetabek saya terima tiap harinya, 2.Peringatan gempa yg sangat jauh dari posisi saya saat ini, 3.Tidak ada fitur pengaturan* mengindikasikan bahwa kami pengguna harus menerima tampilan aplikasi apa adanya. *Lantas untuk apa penyedia aplikasi meminta akses GPS?*.
Notifikasi yang muncul di hp gak update. Baru muncul setelah 2 jam terjadi gempa -__-.
Kasih Fitur Alarm Gempa/Tsunami Dong Dititik Terdekat DiHP kita dong. agar Tau.
Keren sih tampilannya. Cuman kok sering gagal loading ya? Udah semingguan ini gagal memulu loadingnya..
Aplikasi yang sangat bagus untuk mengikuti perkembangan cuaca dan kondisi alam dari waktu ke waktu.
Saran : Tolong diadakan notifikasi potensi atau peringatan gempa pada seluruh pendownload. jadi semacam Warning notifikasi. sekecil apapun informasinya pasti akan sangat membantu. trimakasih..
Review tgl 07 Okt 2018. 1). Mohon sediakan pilihan Default Location yg manual dan fix tanpa peduli gps dan setting location yg off. Jika sinyal gps lemah, app ini tunjukan lokasi/kota yg salah. 2). Halaman depan sesak dengan info yg belum tentu diinginkan pengguna. Asian Para Games dan siaran pers 28 sept 2018, muncul terus. Mohon sediakan options untuk memilih apa yg muncul di halaman utama..
semoga ada fitur sejenis bisa bunyi alert kalo ada gempa/bencana dll di sekitar..
Gw Rate 3, Soalnya banyak gempa. Kalo udah aman ga ada gempa gw rate 5..
sulit menemuman posisi lokasi kita. ada baiknya bisa input manual lokasi kita di aplikasi.... tolong diperbarui.
Aplikasi wajib untuk semua ponsel, gadget, and alat telekomunikasi yang berbasis internet di Indonesia..
Gagal menampilkan lokasi. Pada saat yang sama aplikasi lain bisa mendeteksi lokasi dg akurat.
kalo ada fitur notifikasi potensi gempa sesuai lokasi user akan luar biasa membantu.
Akan sangat bermanfaat jika tersedia notifikasi/alarm jika ada kejadian alam (Gempa dll).
Tidak bisa mendeteksi lokasi padahal GPS nyala. Selalu "Gagal mendeteksi ..." dan lokasinya jadi Jakarta Pusat..
Mimin, tolong bikin notifikasi kalo ada gempa >5 SR via appnya, dong. Timaaci.
Sudah bagus tetapi akan lebih bagus lagi jika di tambahkan earthquake alert dan widget.
Kasih 3 dulu sekarang Kasih 5 kalo bisa nampilin suhu (*angkaC (30,C)) di statusbar .
UI mantap dan aplikasi sangat stabil. Mudah2an waktu notif bisa semakin cepat dan tepat..
Aplikasi ok, tapi akhir2 ini info gempa terupdate ga bisa di akses.
sayang belum bisa shortcut widget. kajo bs tampil di muka lbih joss.
perlu pesempurnaan lagi .... lemot error.
sayang sekali, di hp saya tidak muncul notifikasi sama sekali saat ada gempa.
Masalah petanya sudah selesai, namun kenapa kualitas petanya menurun?.
Appsnya mulainya lamaaa banget. Dan tidak langsung terintegrasi dgn current location.
Sangaat buaguuss ini aplikasi dan membantu. Semoga terap bisa mempertahankan kualitasnya...
Di tambah menu search buat permudah nyari kota yg d maksud..
Aplikasi yang sangat informatif, sebagai saran bagaimana jika ditambahkan notifikasi.
Mau update akan kejadian bencana alam atau prediksi cuaca inilah caranya.
Semoga selalu update dan akurasinya ramalan cuacanya ditingkatkan.
tolong tambah notifikasi untuk gempa atau cuaca buruk.
Dipertahankan kerja bagusnya, semoga ada inovasi2 informasi baru ke depannya.
Makin lama makin baik, tambahin dong buat versi widget-nya.
tolong update lagi dong . karena tidak semua daerah dapet infony.
perkiraan cuaca isinya jakarta mulu. emang indonesia cuman jakarta. ngabisin baterai aja.
Aplikasi ini sangat membantu masyarakat dalam mengetahui bencana atau iklim.
tambahkan fitur alarm saat terjadi gempa di daerah dekat kita.
moga ditambah lagi fiturnya seperti alert peringatan dini.
pas d buka cuma layar ksong, gak menampilkan info apa2.
Lokasinya gak akurat. Dan gak bisa setting manual nya..
kenapa,nggak muncul di notif aku yah kalo ada gempa?.
Terima kasih sudah harus membuat aplikasi ini. Hanya saja mohon update nya jika terjadi gempa atau bencana alam lainnya kita para pengguna diberikan notifikasi atau alarm pemberitahuan agar kami juga bisa standby. Agar tidak terjadi banyak korban dan kita bisa antisipasi dini. Mohon masukan ini dapat diterima..
sudah 2 hari error.
Aplikasi yang wajib diinstall, khususnya bagi yang tinggal dijalur patahan..
aplikasinya klo dibuka kosong semua, padahal sebelumnya baik2 aja..
Maksud simbol air yang ada angka 70% itu apa ya?.
Kalo bisa ada tambahan fitur widget biar memudahkan pengguna.
Aplikasi bagus buat prediksi cuaca, jadi bisa siap2 hehehehe.
Cukup informatif, tetapi masih banyak yg perlu di perbaiki..
cukup bagus dan akurat,tlng kalau bisa tambahkan widget.
Cara seting notifikasi supaya tidak berulang2 muncul bagaimana?trims..
Tersedianya pengaturan lokasi secara manual akan lebih baik lagi.
Gempa di Sukabumi tadi malam kok tidak ada notifikasinya.
notifikasi sebaiknya berdasarkan radius terdekat sj..
Fitur share ke medsos ada baiknya berupa screenshot.
Baru ini aplikasi BUMN bener" akurat.. terima kasih BMKG.
gagal mengambil data terus nih katanya mohon diperbaiki.
sekarang kok ga ada notifikasi nya ya? ga ada peringatan lagi.
Sangat membantu sekali dalam mengetahui keadaan cuaca dsb.
makin hari update gempanya makin lambat bahkan sampai berjam2.
Aplikasi yang sangat informatif dan sangat bermanfaat untuk masyarakat.
Terima kasih atas pelayanan yg memuaskan.
BMKG sangat membantu untuk mengetahui keadaan cuaca di indonesia....
sdh beberapan hari gak bisa di akses.
masukan supaya bisa input lokasi secara manual.
Tolong untuk fungsi notifikasi gempa bisa muncul.
sangat berguna jika ada gempa dan tsunami.
barusan bgt ngerasain gempa tp ga ke detect.
Selalu gagal menemukan lokasi. Semoga kedepannya bisa diperbaiki..
Sekarang ada notifikasi peringatannya. Bagus. Semoga semakin baik.
tambahkan widget dong. biar ada di homescreen.
Lebih ditingkatkan lagi tampilan (UI)nya ya!.
Utk pengaturan gps/lokasi ganti mode high accuracy menjadi device only.
tidak bisa digunakan lagi setelah update.
telat banget ngasi pemberitahuan kejadian gempanya.
JELEK SERING EROR GA BISA DIANDELIN.
Ramalan curah hujannya mohon diaktifkan pak..
Selalu gagal update lokasi terkini.
Waktu buka aplikasi keluar : "Gagal menemukan lokasi".
tidak berfungsi normal di Android 9.0 Pie..
Update gempa dan cuaca.
sering gagal loading... refresh beberapa kali juga sering gagal.
Aplikasi ini sangat membantu. Terimakasih.
gagal mencari info untuk cuaca.
Haha Pemerintah Emnk NtabZ lah.
KENAPA LAMA SEKALI LOADINGNYA >:(.
gempa barusan tidak bisa dilihat.
cukup sering gagal load informasi.
Yang sabar yah admin :P.
Pak bisa request cuaca ga?.
Pokoke masih ra apik... Aras"an.
Berharap ada widget untuk info cuaca....
Informasi yg disediakan bermafaat.
gagal menemukan lokasi mulu.
Bikin hati dagdiu ser.
Semoga akurat dan ontime.
bagus..jadi tau situasi update.
sgt membantu gan thks.
Aplikasi yang sangat bermanfaat.
sudah tidak bisa loading.
informasinya terupdate dan mudah.
app nya banyak membantu.
tampilan makin di tingkatkan.
very useful, sangat membantu untuk mengetahui gempa di indonesia.
Ga keluar data nya..
Bermanfaat dan akurat..
Sangat membantu informasinya...
Bagus bagus baguuuuss.... bermanfaat.
Semoga bermanfaat ya.
Gagal mendeteksi lokasi.
Sangat berguna sekali.
Sangat Membantu infonya.
Weather lokal terbaik.
Maju terus Indonesia.
Terus kembangkan keakuratanya.
Sangat membantu sekali.
tanggap cepat akurat.
Bermanfaat dan mudah.
gempa setiap hari.
Info tidak lengkap.
Gps tidak akurat...
app simple, menunjukan prakiraan cuaca akurat..
Bagus, informatif.
sangat membantu..
Tingkatan terus... Mantap...
Sangat membantu...
Sangat update.
Gempa teroooooos.
Sangat berguna.
cukup akurat.
terimakasih BMKG.
Mantap betul.
Terima kasih.
Sangat bagus.
antisipasi cuaca.
Sangat membantu.
need improvement.
USE FULL.
Membantu kami.
sangat membantu.
Ditunggu widgetnya.
Late post.
sangat membantu.
stuck error.
sangat bagus.
late information.
Sangat membantu.
Tks byk.
Sangat informatif.
Manytool..
aplikasi error.
Saya kasi 5 bintang karena bmkg nya jujur.
Bagus .
Nice beri update gempa.
Informatif.....
Joos.
good information.
Terimakasih.
Keren.
Mantap.
mantep.
Kacau.
Mantap.
Indera.
Mantap.
Yes.
ok.
lumayan.
Bagus.
Guud.
Bagus.
Wow.
Goodjob.
Informatif.
Bagosssss.
Bugus.
Ok.
..top markotop ta'iyeu...
Nice!.
.
Usefull!!!.
.
.
Good apps.
Nice informed.....
tidak realtime.
good app.
excellent apps.
Very usefull.
nice applikasi.
Nice apps.
Awesome app.
Keep improving.
Good application.
nice aplication.
Very helpful.
Very informative.
very good.
love bmkg.
Usefull app.
very useful.
5 Stars.
good jobs.
so cool.
good information.
good aplication.
Very useful.
Very usefull.
Very useful.
Very useful.
Nice Informatif.
Nice aps.
Great Job.
Good.
Brilliant....Bravo....
error.
Good job....
Helpfull .
Nice app.
Satisfaction.
.
Good.
Superb.
good.
Usefull.
Good.
Gooooood.
Good.
awesome.
Great.
Nice.
Best.
Perfect.
Good.
Awesome.
good.
exellent.
Excellent.
good.
Nice.
Usefull.
Nice.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Top.
Good.
Good.
Nice.
Good.
Great.
Top.
Nice.
Good.
Good.
Usefull.
Nice.
Good.
Sbnrnya bkn appnya error..tp hp kalian mgkin yg setting gpsnya gak d set hight akurasi. Mslah tdk bisa mnemukan lokasi,coba nyalain gps kalian trus tab lokasi (jakpus) nntinya itu akn gnti otomatis sesuai nama daerah kamu berada.
Ayo jangan lelet. Perbaiki sistem. Emang cocok untuk hp spek rendah, tp jgn terlalu kuno lah. Pop up siaga keknya bagus juga tuh. Nice job.
Bagus app nya, tp untuk news update sepertinya perlu pengembangan lebih lanjut agar bisa lebih up-to-date apalagi jika ada pesan hoax mengenai klimatologi yg beredar di medsos . Tambahan buat fitur widget juga seperti nya perlu atar user lebih cepat mengetahui info cuaca dkk levih cepat di home screen ketimbang membuka app terlebih dahulu.
App ini sudah bagus tapi mengenai akurasi lokasi, sudah disetting high accuracy pun masih belum bisa tepat padahal google maps dan yg membutuhkan peta lainnya berfungsi baik. Pemerintah sebaiknya mengalokasikan dana lebih untuk optimalisasi hal2 keren spt app ini drpd dananya dikorup oknum2 ga jelas. Mungkin dalam hal ini perlu ada yg bersihin bug jadi keadilan sosial bagi seluruh pengguna app..
Gps mohon diperbaiki, saya sering sekali mengalami kendala gagal menemukan lokasi. Padahal sudah di set high accuracy. S6 lihat di respon pendapat,developer hanya mengatakan set akrasi. Padahl sudah banyak yg mengeluhkan meskipun sdh diset akurasi gpsnya. Mohon dikembangkan lagi..
Good app for the people who cares and need some alert for safety from bad weather and natural disasters. Thanks for made this app, keep safe friend..
Admin, ini kenapa tdk muncul apa ya ... Hanya notifikasi saja ... Ketika dibuka app tdk bs update informasi ... Apa msh error yaa ....
Malam, ini lagi error kali, google tulis map aku tidak benar, pls cek apa 
ada masalah tq.
Aplikasinya bermanfaat, cuma ini selalu error tidak dapat menemukan lokasi, 
selalu menampilkan jakarta pusat mulu, mohon perbaikannya....
Kalian nyuruh2 update cepat 30 detik gimana , ini admin aplikasinya manusia 
juga dan biar ga salah informasi tentang informasi gempanya makanya update 
agak lama , kalian ga tau susahnya di bidang IT mending diem manusia laknat.
keren aplikasinya, kalau bisa di tambah menu widget biar infonya bisa 
muncul di layar tanpa harus buka aplikasinya dulu. terutama info cuaca dan 
info penting (gempa,badai dll).
Alangkah baiknya jika bisa ada fitur widget, agar setiap update realtime bisa kami akses tanpa membuka aplikasinya melalui notifikasi. Apalagi jika ada gempa atau potensi bencana lainnya bisa diaplikasikan dalam bentuk peringatan getar yang berbeda beda ataupun sinya bunyi alaram yg sangat membantu pengguna ketika saat jam sibuk..
The whole app doesn't work for me. Please add support for mDPI device.
Apps khusus warga Jakpus nih... Lokasi sudah di set High Accuracy masih kedeteksi Jakarta Pusat aja...ayo dong, developernya cobain pake hp temen2nya yg lain. Multi device. Multi location. User testnya. Bukan defensif. Real test. Pahami usernya. Sudah banyak komplain mengenai akurasi nih. Ayo berbenah guys !.
Mohon agar lokasi dibuat lebih akurat. Saya sudah selalu set HP ke High Accuracy karena sering dipakai pemetaan dan navigasi, tapi tetap saja oleh aplikasi ini diberi prediksi cuaca untuk daerah Menggala, padahal saya15km lebih di sebelah baratnya, tepatnya desa kagungan ratu, kabupaten tulang bawang barat. Developer bisa cek Accuweather untuk sumber inspirasi, walau buatan asing tapi mampu akurat sampai level desa. Semoga BMG bisa segera berkembang melampaui layanan ramalan cuaca mereka. Terima kasih..
Di maps submenu gempa buminya ada google watermark "for development 
purposes only" dan selalu ada popup jadi kadang agak mengganggu ktika 
refresh.
Great App. Saya baru tahu gempa bumi di Indo itu sering bgt. Tapi tolong notifikasinya bisa lebih dikustomisasi, misal hanya gempabumi > 7 SR, topan, dll. Notifikasi penuh untuk lap cuaca yg tidak begitu penting..
Overall udah bagus sih. Tapi masih ada yg ngeluh GPS gak akurat dan barusan nemu bug JavaScript API error. Mungkin HP saya yang burik. Mohon di fix bug nya.
Ada error API dari google nya, Entah kenapa GPS nya jg error, Pdhal d maps, waze dan apps lainnya yg memakai GPS semua berjalan dgn baik, mgkn bs d perbaiki API dari google dan android nya.
Sering error ya, reload mulu padahal udah sinyal 4g. Jgn tanya gps lagi, emang app nya aja yg error mohon untuk dibenahi ya..
selalu gagal menemukan lokasi saya. sehingga yang muncul selalu info cuaca untuk Jakarta Pusat, bukan info untuk daerah saya, yaitu di Lombok. padahal GPS handphone sudah dinyalakan.
Udh diatur ke mode tertinggi ttep aja gk bsa. Dan bkang error..
Belum ada notifikasi yang muncul di layar hape ketika ada gempa sedang berlangsung. Notifikasi sangat baik jika dengan suara. Makasih..
Kalau bisa ada notifications kayak alarm gitu. Jadi pas musim gempa kayak 
gini apalagi pas tengah malam orang orang bisa pada bangun..
Mohon ditambahkan MMI pada beranda gempa bumi seperti pada notifikasi. 
Detail cuaca maritim pada beberapa lokasi selalu menampilkan "gagal 
mengambil data" mohon dapat diperbaiki..
Aplikasi tidak otomatis berjalan setiap setelah restart hp. Sehingga seringkali tidak mendapatkan notifikasi keadaan darurat..
Lokasi set high,tpi ketemunya cma jakarta pusat,tolong di beri fitur untuk mencari lokasi cuaca. terima kasih.
Judulnya peringatan dini, tapi pemberitahuan gempa baru diterima 10-30 menit setelah gempa terjadi. Pantesan sodara2 kita yg di pulau lombok banyak yg mengeluhkan hal ini, dan jadi hilang kepercayaan sm bmkg..
Bagus sih, cuma tolong kalau bisa notifikasi update cuacanya jgn cuma wilayah Jabodetabek aja dong, Bandung Raya & dan sekitarnya juga.
Niatnya baik, namun usahanya kurang, gak ada widget, terlalu luas 
wilayahnya, kurang spesifik, misal cuaca di lokal tempat kita berada, 
jangan hanya kotanya, luas sekali..
Cukup berguna untuk mendapatkan informasi dengan cepat. User interface bisa 
dikembangkan agar lebih baik lagi.
Aplikasi Ini Sangat Berguna Untuk Para Masyarakat Indonesia. Karena Berguna Untuk Mengetahui Cuaca,Gempa,GeoSpot,dll lah. Karena Sangat Berguna. Saya Recommend Banget Buat Para Masyarakat Agar Waspada Dengan Iklim Cuaca Di Indonesia..
aplikasinya secara keseluruhan sudah bagus. tpi untuk masukan bisa dibuat supaya kita bisa setting default posisi kita dimana jdi tanpa mengaktifkan gps sudah sesuai dengan wilayah yang sudah di set.
It would be good if there was an English language option. Many people who look for this info are Indonesian speaking.
Kalo bisa ada fitur notifikasi ketika ada gempa, layaknya aplikasi ojek online ketika dapat orderan, supaya ngga ada alasan ngga bisa menginformasikan masyakarat tentang potensi tsunami gegara padamnya listrik akibat gempa. Thanks.
Kalau masalah lokasi itu dari hapenya.. Setiap hp berbeda2 cara nangkapnya ada yg cepat ada yg lama.. Klo mau akurasi tepat usahakan di luar rumah..dan akurasinya benar sesuai posisi skrg.
Masukan buat pengembang aplikasi. Kalau bisa dikasi menu Alarm untuk gempa terdekat dengan pengguna. Sehingga bisa lebih waspada dan meminimalisir korban.
Masukan, tolong dibuat pengaturan tag lokasi yg sy inginkan. Jadi kalau ada gempa di lokasi yg sy tag, bisa dibuatin alaram dengan suara nyaring..
Aplikasi sangat disarankan untuk siapapun di indonesia, terima kasih untuk selalu membuat perbaikan. Semoga kedepannya menjadi lebih stabil.
Selalu gagal dalam menemukan lokasi sehingga selalu ter-set ke Jakarta. Padahal sudah diberikan permision dan GPS sudah aktif..
Support terus untuk aplikasi ini dan jika bisa ada alarm saat terjadi gempa.
Saya rasa sangat penting utk diberikan settingan sendiri terkait notifikasi. Perubahan nada notifikasi, volume dan getar saat terjadi gempa atau pemberitahuan penting lainnya sehingga dapat dibedakan antara pesan/email masuk dan notifikasi khusus gempa dari bmkg. Karena selama ini notifikasinya automatis tersetting sama dengan notifikasi pesan masuk/email masuk yang cenderung nadanya kecil. Terima kasih.
Kenapa peta / maps saat membuka lokasi gempa dan cuaca blank putih (tidak 
muncul peta nya) mohon diperbaiki.
Mantab jaya ggwp lengkap banget, ditambah buat per jam dan widget biar lebih mantab. Lanjutkan boosss.
tidak bisa mengakses gps. tolong sediakan menu manual untuk mengganti lokasi default. indonesia bukan hanya jakarta aja.
Mohon fitur swipe ke kanan untuk menampilkan menu diperbaiki. Ketika ingin menggeser peta terkendala menu yang ikut muncul..
Om , mau nanya dong kalo ngubah lokasi nya gimana , masa lokasi aku gak ke ubah , padahal gps aku on terus ..
Dengan aplikasi ini, bisa menyimpulkan data2 yang sering terjadi bencana alam.
bagus, kalau bisa ada fungsi alarm untuk gempa atau cuaca ekstrem dalam 
satu perimeter tertentu.
Sering gak update n skrg malah gak bisa dibuka sama sekali. Parah.
GPS sudah aktif, mode High Accuracy tapi lokasi masih di Jakarta Pusat. Tolong segera diperbaiki.
Overall semuanya bagus kok , cuma pastikan data internet aktif, ada kuota dan aktifkan gps ..
Kurang akurat di pemberitahuan potensi sunami dn tidaknya... sejauh ini bagus.. tpi lbih tingkatkan.
Aplikasi yang berguna. Sayang sering gagal akses, gagal mengambil data, tidak bisa terhubung server. Untuk GPS harusnya jg disertakan pengaturan manual lokasi. Data bisa berbeda, lebih akurat twitter atau web bmkg..
Overall sih bagus ya karena utk notifikasi gempa cukup cepat. Tapi kalo bisa, peringatan gempanya disesuaikan dgn lokasi user. Misal: saya tinggal di kota Osas, maka saya butuh informasi mengenai gempa dan/atau info MKG lain yang telah/akan kena kota Osas. Dan saya hanya butuh info mengenai anomali yg akan kena kota Osas saja. Nggak butuh info utk kota lain. Dan dengan ini, saya bisa pasang suara notif khusus utk app ini supaya bisa sigap dgn info yg diberikan. Sekian saran saya.
Aplikasi resmi, diakses banyak orang, kok pakai Google Maps API gratisan? Beli dong..
Bermanfaat sih, tapi lokasinya kurang akurat.. Yang ditampilkan hanya Jakarta Barat dan Jakarta Pusat aja...
applications sudah ok, tapi kurang cepat update setelah terjadi gempa. terima kasih.
Untuk aplikasi android milik pemerintah, yahud lah... Widget nya ditunggu 
ya....
Temen saya @christian_swjy pake ini juga bisa follow di instagram single lagih.
Sistem GPS nya kurg bagus..... Di bagian gempa bumi google map nya sering 
tidak muncul..
Kalau di bawa ke daerah lain kok load nya lama bingit ya..
Semangat terus programer, tdk ada yg sempurna v selalu berikan lah yg 
terbaik.. .
So far so good, hanya lebih cepet notif di twitter dr pd di aplikasinya..
Terimakasih banyak buat kalian yang sudah membuat aplikasi ini. Sangat bermanfaat..
App sudah cukup bagus, tapi masih perlu banyak pengembangan. Semangat.
Tolong diperbaiki cuaca Kab Subang, Jabar yg muncul malah Kec Subang, Kuningan.
Kok ga ada tombol sharenya ya biar banyak yg tau.
Sudah bagus tapi masih butuh penyempurnaan untuk akurasi alertnya.
Keren update info daerah se Indonesia. Trima kasih BMKG.
Map nya koq development purposes only, Tak berbayar kah?.
itu kemaren peringatan tsunami di palu kecepetan di cabut ya?.
Great app to prevent disaster accident.
Selalu gagal menentukan cuaca di lokasi saat ini..
Aplikasi bagus, seluruh gadget di Indonesia harusnya terinstall aplikasi ini,.....
aplikasi ini bagus.. saya harap kedepannya nanti ditambahkan fitur widget...
Kenapa saya tidak bisa mendapatkan notifikasi bila terjadi gempa??.
Tolong updatenya dipercepat dong misal gempa baru aja terjadi paling gk 5 
menit udah di update dan notifikasinya jg dipercepat jadi paling tidak 
orang" punya waktu lebih buat bersiap" kalo memungkinkan juga 30 detik 
setelah gempa lebih bagus lagi, makasih.
Mohon perbaikan di peta, muncul "for development purpose only".
Alhamdulillaah sangat bermanfaat. Info ter update dengan sangat cepat..
lambat update gempa.
Agak lelet utk update info gempanya.
Notif gempa terlalu lama... Seharusnya ada gempa langsung update...
Koordinat lokasi gempa tidak akurat.
Sering sekali gagal memuat data.
Applikasi terpenting saat terjadi gempa.
Gps nya eror, belum akurat.
Berat sekali websitenya... Loadingnya gila admin.
Terima kasih telah membantu. :).
It's has many bug.
Informasi nya sangat membantu.
Bagus banget Terimakasih infonya.
Very useful as it provides early warnings on tsunamy caused by an earthquake.
Ga ada widget nya.
Maju terus bmkg!!.
Informative but sometimes with slow notifications.
Aplikasi yg sgt tidak up to date.. slalu salah lokasi.
Sangat membantu. Trims.
Mantap.. kembangkan lagi .
Alhamdulillah berguna sekali.
Sangat membantu.
like this app.
Thanks bmkg.
Sangat bagus.
Berguna sekali.
mantaf terimakasih.
Cukup membantu.
good apps for update faster.
Kurang real time sedikit lagi.....
Good,thanks BMKG.
Nice app!!!.
Good job!!!.
Mantab.
Need it.
Ok.
mantabb.
Thakyou.
Kol.
Tx.
.
Godo.
Oke.
Ok.
Josss.
bermanfaat.
Bagus.
Good App...!.
Awesome!.
.
.
Good app.
Nice app.
good aplikasi.
Good job.
Good aplication.
Great apps.
Awesome app.
nice app.
Cool app.
Very good.
Very good.
Good apps.
More better.
Very useful.
Nice apps.
Nice app.
Good.
Usefully.
amazing.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Useful.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
good.
Loved it.
Good.
Awesome.
Good.
Good.
Excellent.
Usulan tambahan, mohon bisa diberikan share link utk dibagi ke org lain agar jika ada info berkaitan dengan keluarga ataupun saudara bisa diberikan informasi detailnya, link bisa menuju ke website BMKG.  Per Desember 2017 ini GPS utk cuaca sudah bisa berjalan baik di Hape saya, tetapi beberapa hari ini kok tidak bisa jalan lagi ya. Terima kasih Tim BMKG utk fungsi yg lain sudah  sempurna hingga notifikasi cuaca buruk atau gempa sudah ada notifikasinya. TOP utk BMKG .
Kedepan coba ditambah fitur notif yg bisa pop up+getar+blink di layar hp pada saat ada gempa besar (&gt;5 sr) dan berpotensi tsunami.  jd memudahkan untuk bereaksi saat gempa..
GPS tidak berfungsi sangat disayangkan, padahal sudah high accuracy, dicoba di waze, google map, gojek dll GPS hape saya akurat dan cepat, hanya di app BMKG ini saja yang gagal GPS, mohon ditambah lagi SDA nya yg kompeten untuk update app ini supaya lebih baik..
1. Istilah Jabodetabek sebaiknya dihilangkan. Ganti saja sesuai dengan Provinsi dan Kota/Kab ybs. 2. Posisi saya di Tangerang Selatan. Tapi tercantumnya di Jakarta Barat. Saran: perbaiki polygon kota/kab.-nya sesuai dengan poin no. 1. 3. Informasi Iklim belum ada. 4. Di lokasi2 &lt;3g, masih sulit diakses. Saran: gunakan protokol mqtt untuk transfer data, blok foto2/gambar2 saat dideteksi sinyal sulit..
1. Tolong tambahkan setting notifikasi berupa pop up dan ringtone untuk 
setiap menu agar lebih mudah mengatur notifikasi yg diinginkan. 2. 
Notifikasi ramalan cuaca setiap hari dan 2 hari kedepan sesuai wilayah user..
Ramalan cuacanya akurat, meski kadang missed. Saran: kasih tambahan fitur gadget dong, biar bisa ditampilkan di home screen / lock screen tanpa harus buka appnya. Biasanya yang ada di tampilan home screen / lock screen itu ramalan dari app bawaan hape, ramalannya ngaco semua .
I think the application used old API call to get the location. With Android 8 (Oreo), it can not get the location. Please update it.
Overall appsnya udah bagus. Cuma tolong dikasi fitur notifikasi atau alarm terutama untuk gempa. Agar kalau ada gempa kayak kemarin setidaknya masyarakat lebih siap menghadapinya. Tidak usah prediksi gempa karena memang tidak bisa di prediksi. Tp setidaknya ketika terdeteksi pergerakan bisa lgsg di intregasikan ke app.  Terima kasih.
Saya buka cuaca maritim tp ga bisa ya.. Klo bagus lagi bisa print out pdf nya seperti pada halaman web Juga kalo bisa dual bahasa..bahasa inggris Karena bisa digunakan juga buat kapal asing..
Cuaca maritim tidak terkoneksi dg server tuu??.mohon dicek.jaringannya karna kasihan buat kapal n bapak2 nelayan klau sering koneksi k server putus terus, mereka tergantung sekali dg informasi cuaca laut dr bapak/ibu bmkg... di vidio sy lihat info  jalur mudiknya bagus..tp saat di install kok ngak ada yaa??apa ada saat lebaran saja..padahal kebutuhan sehari2 perjalanan itu sangat penting loo, mohon u dimunculin lg ya pak/bu..mungkin ada baiknya katanya diganti menjadi info perjalanan anda For All is the Best laa..walupun masih ada kekurangan sana sini sedikit..good job BMKG.
Bagus bgt ini, skr jadi aplikasi wajib. Trs pertahankan spt ini update 
informasinya agar hoax tentang bencana Alam di sosmed bisa di redam....
Aplikasi berfungsi dengan baik. Kemungkinan besar prakiraan cuaca benar karena sumbernya dari lembaga lokal. Namun sisi desain dan tamplian sedikit kurang konvensional dan nyaman. Ada banyak aplikasi cuaca lain yang dapat menjadi contoh (Google, The Weather Channel, Weather Timeline, dll.) Aplikasi juga perlu terus diperbaharui (update terakhir pada bulan Juni). Semoga dapat diambil saran saya..
Aplikasi nya bagus.. krna dari BMKG saya percaya ramalan cuacanya paling akurat. Kalo boleh saran untuk pengembangan selanjutnya, di tambahkan widget untuk cuaca ya.. supaya kayak aplikasi cuaca yg lain yg kondisi cuacanya bisa di liat di widget. Terimakasih BMKG..
Kurang stabil, loading lama padahal koneksi internet dalaam kondisi bagus, informasi cuaca kurang akurat, sering GAGAL MENYAMBUNGKAN KE SERVER dan menyebabkan aplikasi tidak bisa menerima data apapun..
Kalau bisa ditambahkan info berpotensi gempa susulan atau tidak, lebih baik, karena saya sebagai pengguna sangat memerlukan info tersebut untuk kembali ke dalam rumah.
Aplikasi yg sangat berguna, sangat membantu. Saran aja ditingkatkan bagian desain UI-nya biar lebih modern dan enak digunakan, Terima kasih..
User interface baik dan mudah dimengerti. Notifikasi terkadang cukup delay dari kejadian.
Sebenarnya ini app bagus banget , tp kenapa notif gempa , cuaca dll gabisa 
muncul secara otomatis di notif hpku ? Padahal gps udah dinsetting high 
accuracy. Tp untuk mengetahui info gempa, cuaca dll harus open app terlebih 
dahulu . Mohon diperbaiki.
Aplikasi yang sangat berguna untuk pekerja lapangan,very good application,please keep up the good work!.
Informasi cuaca sudah cukup baik. Terima kasih BMKG. Informasi maritim juga sdh ada feature pencarian. Namun akan lebih baik jika ada feature "favorite" untuk memudahkan memantau area atau wilayah yg dibutuhkan oleh pengguna sebagai informasi dini..
Aplikasi ini sangat membantu saya mengetahui cuaca dan mempersiapkan diri 
menghadapi cuaca pada hari ini. Tampilannya juga sudah lebih baik.. Semoga 
dapat terus ditingkatkan. Semangat BMKG!!.
Ga ada menu setting. Pgn matiin notif. Di jateng tapi notif jakarta ga guna lah. Ato minimal bisa milih notif apa aja yg diinginkan..
Terima kasih atas sarannya, tetapi hp saya sudah high accuracy sebelum masalah ini terjadi..
Fitur gps belum optimal. Akan lebih bagus bila ada pilihan share untuk isi berita dalam Info aktual/press release..
Usul, gk ada info soal gunung berapi kah. Kayaknya akan lbh oke kalau 
integrasi dengan magma Indonesia, jd bisa dpt info ttg gunung berapi dan 
VONA..
Saya tinggal di daerah Tangerang.  Saya sering mendapat notifikasi soal gempa di daerah lain, tapi barusan saya merasakan gempa tidak ada notifikasinya .
Untuk berikutnya mungkin bisa ditambahkan fitur share dari info gempa atau cuaca terkini. Sehingga segala informasi resmi bisa langsung dishare ke jejaring sosial..
I think this app is too slowly.. And I hope I can get more info fastly.
Mungkin harus di update untuk notifikasi atau pemberitahuan kalau ada gempa kurang lebih dengan jarak gempa ke lokasi pengguna 0 - 100 km.
untuk info gempa bumi kadang kadang muncul pemberitahuan berpotensi 
tsunami, kadang kadang tidak. kenapa ? aplikasi error kah ? mohon di 
update. terimakasih.
Sangat bermanfaat, coba ada pilihan untuk share informasi dari aplikasi terkait cuaca/ gempa mungkin bisa lebih baik lagi.
Tolong tambahkan widget dong di home screen jadi tidak perlu masuk aplikasi kalau mau tau informasi cuaca.
Aplikasi ini membantu bgt terutama u/melihat perkiraan cuaca dan titik dimana potensi hujan.
Ketika saya tap 1x back button langsung menutup apps, bukan kembali ke beranda.  Saran : 2x tap back button untuk close aplikasi 1x tap baxk button untuk ke beranda..
Aplikasi bagus, perkiraan cuacanya sesuai. Tambahin widget donk, jadi biar 
bisa di taruh widget di home jadi ga perlu buka aplikasi buat liat 
perkiraan cuaca secara real time.
Awalnya saya mengunduh aplikasi ini hanya untuk melihat berita gempa saja. Namun, sekarang saya juga memakai aplikasi ini untuk melihat ramalan cuaca. Saya sudah mencoba banyak sekali aplikasi ramalan cuaca luar negeri yang sangat direkomendasikan dimana-mana. Tapi tetap saja tidak ada yang seakurat ramalan cuaca BMKG. Saya punya masukan untuk BMKG dan pengembang agar : 1. Ditambahkan fitur ramalan cuaca per jam. 2. Dibuat widgets berbagai ukuran untuk dimuat di homescreen. 3. Ditambahkan keterangan untuk membawa jaket dan payung, seperti aplikasi ramalan cuaca sebelah. Overall, saya sangat terbantu dengan aplikasi ini. Terima kasih BMKG dan pengembang yang telah membuat aplikasi joss seperti ini..
1. Sebaiknya ada pengaturan notifikasi. Kadang notifikasi masuk terasa mengganggu. 2. Akan lebih baik jika ada widget untuk dipasang di homescreen..
Info gempany telat. Contoh barusan gempa. Yg ditampilkan gempa dua jam yg lalu.. Padahal kita butuh info terkini.
Jgn hanya memberikan peringatan dini utk jakarta saja. Pikirkan pengguna yg berada di kota lain juga lah..
GPS tidak berfungsi..padahal sudah setting high accuracy..perangkat huawei GR5..GPS untuk aplikasi lain berfungsi normal..mohon perbaikan...
Kenapa ya tidak muncul notifikasi nya untuk versi terbaru ini. Padahal dulu 
di hp lama selalu muncul notifikasi utk peringatan dini cuaca dan gempa. 
Sekarang tidak lagi muncul. Saat mencoba mencari menu setting di 
aplikasinya tidak ada. Tolong diperbaiki ya.
usul supaya bisa lihat perkembangan gempa di daerah tertentu. Misalnya kami 
yg di Lombok Utara ingin tahu rangkaian gempa yg terjadi disini bagaimana 
sejak awal 2 minggu lalu.
Kirain mah saya doang yg di Tangerang Selatan terdeteksinya Jakarta Barat  Tolong dibenerin dong. Di aplikasi lain deteksi daerahnya bener di TangSel lho padahal.
Perlu pengaturan notifikasi, jadi ketika ada peringatan bisa dicustom volume notifikasi dan getarnya, lebih terasa.
Rasanya agak disayangkan karena saya sudah izinkan share lokasi ke 
aplikasi, tapi notifikasi peringatan cuaca yang saya terima hanya berkutat 
di Jabodetabek..
Sangat membantu untuk mengantisipasi gejala alam. Mohon untuk tambahan widget dan tombol share.
Kalau bisa, prakiraan cuacanya per jam, jangan cuma pagi siang dan malam.
Bagus, kalau bisa location bisa diatur manual, jadi location service pada handphone tidak perlu aktif terus menerus.
Izin admin. Nama kota di aceh ada yang salah. Yang benar adalah "Bireuen" bukan "Bireun". Mohon di perbaiki,.....
Akurasi lokasi meleceng 30km. Perlu penambahan fitur misalnya bisa menampilkan cuaca di tempat lain sehingga kalau mau Kesana bisa tahu cuacanya.
Tolong until beritanya/laporan bencana di update lebih cepat Dan diberi peringatan jika terjadi bencana.
Sudah ok, input: jarak km nya masih belun akurat di list nya. Dan kaku bisa ada option sorting list per pulau / semua. (jawa / kalimantan / sumatra / semua dll...).
akan lebih baik jika pemberitahuan yang ditampilkan sesuai wilayah atau 
tempat kita tinggal & ada widget untuk menampilkan prakiraan cuaca di 
tempat kita..
Saya bekerja di salah satu hotel di bali. So far aplikasi ini sangat 
membantu. Karena akhir2 ini ada gempa,jadi saya bisa langsung mendapat 
informasi yang akurat. Ada beberapa tamu hotel dari Eropa dll yang saya 
sarankan untuk menginstal aplikasi ini,agar bisa langsung mendapat 
informasi yang akurat mengenai cuaca dll. Sayangnya aplikasi ini tidak ada 
setingan untuk Bahasa Inggris. Mohon untuk di pertimbangkan. Terima kasih..
Aplikasi ini bagus sebenarnya tp knp sekarang tidak bisa menemukan 
Lokasi!?? Padahal lokasi sdh nyala dan sdh Allow aneh, Android 7.0 (Miui 
9.0.5.0).
Jika dapat ditambahkan fitur ALERT pada smartphone kita, yang cukup keras (khususnya pada pada area dekat dengan lokasi titik gps hp kita [  150 - 250 KM dari lokasi titik gps hp kita], hal tersebut dapat membantu Reaksi Cepat Tanggap untuk seluruh smartphone yang mengunduh aplikasi ini. Terima Kasih.
usulan kalau bisa info cuaca daerah lebih lenkap misal nya di sumbar jgn 
kota besar saja harus kabupaten juga.
GPS tidak akurat walaupun sudah diatur ke High Accuracy. Tidak ada fitur widget..
koq ga pernah mau muncul notifikasinya langsung di HP saya ya kalau gempa? pdhal saya tinggal.di daerah yg rawan gempa (PADANG) .
Untuk Update nya lebih dipercepat, dan untuk aplikasi/app nya sangat bagus dan mudah digunakan.
Cukup membantu. Apakah range area  prakiraannya masih bisa dipersempit misal perkecamatan. Karna sekarang banyak hujan lokal yg berarea sempit. Tengkyu bmkg. Terus berkembang..
Jazakumullahu khoir untuk tim BMKG atas adanya aplikasi ini, semoga 
bermanfaat dan menjadi early warning system buat masyarakat Indonesia....
Tolong tambahkan fitur search dan share untuk mendapat info yg lebih lengkap agar dapat di bagikan kpd keluarga dan kerabat.
Aplikasi yg bagus untuk memberi informasi cuaca, iklim dll. Mohon untuk ditambahkan fitur widget, sehingga user dapat lebih cepat membaca..
Uninstall karena tidak bisa menemukan lokasi padahal sudah high accuraccy..
user interface nya mohon di perbaharui agar lebih kekinian dan lebih smooth, makasih.
Jangan Kalah Sama NOAA Weather, Ini Harus di pakai sama masyarakat 
indonesia notifnya tolong di adakan rekan BMKG..
Aplikasi yang sangat informatif dalam rangka mitigasi bencana. Saran: ditambahkan fitur share untuk setiap informasi yang ada.
Joss ini yang ditunggu2 masy. Umum . kalau bisa ada fitur share ke sosmed 
lain jadi britanya cepet tersebar..
Agar ditambahkan fitur share baik link maupun ke aplikasi messenger seperti line, wa dll dan lain lain.
Bisa dishare juga ke depannya evacuation route biar user saat alami kasus 
emergency tidak panik .
Secara keseluruhan aplikasinya sudah bagus dan membantu. Namun, lokasi saya terdeteksinya di kota cimahi. Padahal lokasi saya di kota bandung.
Overall sangat bermanfaat. untuk prakiraan cuaca mohon ditambahkan list 
kotanya. seperti Tangerang Selatan belum ada di list. thanks.
Di HP Asus notifikasi kok g muncul ya? Dimana settingnya. Kalau di iPhone 
sih jalan.
Admin, mohon di upgrade.. Agar ada settingan buat notification dan alarm 
gitu kalo ada bencana alam, misal gempa...
Min tolong tambahin fitur share atau teruskan ke WA atau FB..jd gampang 
share info ke family terdekat..
Sangat membantu, Bisa update dan bisa tahu bencana sedini mungkin.
Jika gps dinyalakan ketika aplikasi sdh dibuka, aplikasi tdk bisa detect 
gps, harus ditutup-buka lagi.
Ckp akurat dan update, tp blm tahu cara share informasi yg ada, jd blm bisa berbagi info terkini ke rekan2 saya yg blm instal aplikasi ini....
Sering muncul pesan "Gagal menemukan lokasi" dan "gagal menyambung ke 
server". Prakiraan cuaca juga kurang akurat..
Zona waktu harusnya bisa diatur, disesuaikan dengan tempat berada, kalau 
ada gempe ada fitur alarm.
Ok, tapi peringatan dini cuaca sering telat. Sudah hujan 1 jam, notifikasi baru muncul..
Tampilan petanya lebih bagus lagi kalau pakai satellite view kayak di 
google maps.
This weather report fits only for tropical condition.
Sangat membantu,smoga bisa di tambahkan lebih baik lagi.
Sangat menarik tampilannya, cepat dan akurat. Tambahkan lebih banyak fitur yg menarik dan memudahkan.
Keren dan bermanfaat, semoga terus dikembangkan terutama pada jumlah lokasi 
kualitas udara :).
Tambahkan untuk dibuat WIDGET, tanpa buka Aplikasinya udh ada notifnya dari widget.
Sering gagal menyambungkan ke server apabila ingin tau info gelombang. 
Mohon diperbaiki.
Notifmya ga penting. Cuaca, angin, itu ga penting. Seharusnya buat gempa aja..
Appnya sdh bgus tpi masih tersedak saat dipakai. Mohon diperbaharui lagi.
Kurang widget, sama ramalan cuaca per jam.
Powerfullllllllllllllllllllllllllll!! Great Job! Informatif! Nice View! Cool Apps! Rate This! Updated! Realtime! Thanks! Indonesia! I LoVE it!.
Fitur masih kurang .. tidak ada citra satelit real time..
Apa sebaikny ada notifikasi atau pemberitahuan terhadap peristiwa yg sedang 
terjadi?.
Harusnya ada notifikasi nada kalau ada bencana gempa,angin yg xtrim,banjir dll.
Sangat informatif dan tampilannya cukup mudah untuk dipahami oleh orang awam.
Mohon dibuatkan bunyi khusus notifikasi bahaya gempa seperti sirine saat 
perang.
Notifnya mengganggu! Tolong diberi pilihan untuk mematikannya..
Cuaca bandara tidak dapat diakses.
Ui nya kurang enak di liat bikin pusing.
Soal cuaca ketepatannya bisa mengalahkan yg editor choice.
Jakarta terus notified.nya saya tidak tinggal di jakarta .
Tidak bisa tersambung ke data saat mengecek cuaca maritim. Tolong 
diperbaiki..
Sangat membantu utk mengetahui cuaca seluruh kota bila akan bepergian.
Bos kalau bisa tambah fitur bisa diubah jenis notifikasi sesuai keinginan.
Aplikasi goblok, aplikasi penipu, pembodohan masal.
Sangat membantu dalam memberikan informasi cuaca. Terima kasih banyak.
Bagus, tlg untuk update terbaru ada pilihan bahasa inggris.
Kenapa untuk cuaca maritim selalu gagal koneksi ke server.
Aplikasi bagus. Bisa ditambahkan untuk waktu WITA dan WIT ?.
Tolong tambahkan widget, agar memudahkan.
Peringatan dini cuacanya jangan jkt doang. Disesuaikan wilayahnya.
Basic info mudah diakses. Usul: Bikin widget untuk cuaca. Saya pasti akan pakai..
Saking gk tau namanya gw nis gema meter.
Di xiaomi note 4 selalu gagal menemukan GPS.
Donwload because Jakarta earthquake 23 Jan 2018 viral..
Sangat bermanfaat untuk membantu warga yang terkena gempa..
Koq ga ad update gempa padahal sudah terjadi gempa..?.
Mohon segera diupdate untuk provinsi kalimantan utara.
Alhamdulillah, infonya sangat membantu dan cukup akurat.
Ditambahkan widget, sehingga bisa tampil dihalam muka.
This helping me about info earth quake etc.
Mantap.. klo ada atau bisa widget cuaca di homescreen ,,, sempurna.
Bandara DIY belum masuk ya ke cuaca bandara? Mengapa ya?.
BMKG mantap, terimakasih atas kerja kerasnya.
Knp gak ada pilihan Tangerang Selatan ya?.
Selain info cuaca ada info gempa terkini.
Need settings to stop or pick notifications.
Emangnya akurat dengan nyalakan gps.
Add feature on or off notification please.
very helpful app with update about all recent news regarding eq, climate, 
and weather.
Grafik cukup nyaman di mata walaupun sepertinya comot dari app lain. UXnya 
masih kaku, harap dibuat lebih luwes. Mungkin kami tidak memerlukan 
informasi sebanyak itu di "beranda." dan mungkin saatnya BMKG ganti logo. 
Jujur aja sih mungkin saya bisa nyebut saya sebagai weather enthusiast 
walaupun di negara kita cuma 3 musim (panas, hujan dan duren) tapi jangan 
diabaikan ya. Kalo bisa BMKG bisa share data lebih banyak dan bikib app 
yang bersaing dengan app AccuWeather, WeatherUnderground dll. Maju terus 
BMKG!.
Saran buat prakiraan cuaca perjamnya.
info cuaca maritim tidak berfungsi..
Bolehlah buat anchor cuaca kita.
pengennya ada tambahan widget cuacanya.
Mantap bmkg,tetap teruskan inovasimu.
Apa ada alert untuk potensi tsunami?.
Kalau ada widget lebih mantap..
Selalu "gagal mengambil data dari server". Situ waras pak?! Ngambil data 
dari server apa ngambil keris dari dunia lain? Wong jelas nda ada 
servernya, apanya yang diambil?!!! Lokasi minta diaktifkan gps. Woiii 
pak...ini sudah lokasi yang paling akurat. Masih minta yang lebih akurat 
lagi? Bapak BMKG apa NASA???? Jangan - jangan aplikasi ini bikanan Mossad 
buat mata-matai Indonesia..
Tidak bisa menemukan lokasi.
Terima kasih telah membantu.
Sangat membantu Terima kasih.
aplikasi yang sangat membantu.
thank you for accurate notif earth quake.
Belum di-update lagi pak?.
It would be much appreciated if there was an english version!.
Dikembangkan terus, min.. mantap!!.
akan selalu no. #1.
Sangat bagus!.
Not show india..
Tolong tambahkan notif...
mantap om joss.
aplikasi yg bermanfaat.
Keren aplikasine pak.
Berguna bgt.. Mantap.
Useful app for monitoring earthquake and weather update in Indonesia.
Mbe dengan lombok ne.??.
Good application for indonesia, very usefull .
Good application we can to know about earthquake.
Very help.
Great for know the wheather and earthquake in Indonesia.
I like it.
Lumayan lah.
Sangat bermanfaat.
I like it.
M l0.
Its a good app..
good works!.
Ok..
very good app.
Bermanfaat.
Ok.
Mantap.
Redminote.
Keren.
Terbaik.
Akuraaat.
lelet.
Good aplication....
good aps.
Best ever.
Good app.
Good job.
Great app.....
Good.
Knowledge.
Good.
Awesome.
Good.
Good.
Great.
Good.
Great.
good.
Excellent.
Tolong agar lebih baik lagi, ini saran dari saya: Tampilan seharusnya dibagi/dipisah (agar tidak berat) seperti berita dan gambarnya perlu waktu lama untuk meload saya rasa perlu ada tambahan menu Setting/Pengaturan (sperti enbale disable berita, notif, gambar,dll), Tambahkan fitur disable GPS dan tambahkan fitur cari & simpan lokasi (biar tidak perlu cek2 lagi gps nya, hemat baterai), Pagi-Siang-Malam-Dini Hari nya jangan dihilangkan ketika mencapai waktunya padahal sudah ada fitur Hari ini-Besok-Lusa jadi saya rasa tidak perlu karena pernah baru jam 4 sore sudah masuk waktu malam (alias hilang prakiraan Siangnya). Terimakasih..
aplikasinya sudah mulai update, tetapi tidak aktual di bencana berlangsung. diharapkan ada alarm yg memperingatkan pengguna terhadap bencana alam disekitar lokasi pengguna sehingga lebih informatif. terus tingkatkan ya. terimakasih.
Dimedan baru saja terjadi gempa.  Trus ane unduh app ini.  Tp alhasil blm di update infonya. Untuk bencana alam diharapkan di update secepatnya.  Kalau tidak tidak ada gunanya..
Kenapa petanya berubah menjadi peta kontur? Lebih baik peta seperti sebelumnya,yang menunjukkan jalan. Jadi lebih mudah mengetahui lokasi pusat gempa..
Aneh... aplikasi meminta lokasi padahal sudah hidup. Info terupdate beberapa jam setelah gempa. Mudah mudahan suatu saat tambah bagus dan berguna  sebagai peringatan dini sebagai alarm..
Tolong di update lagi appnya, soalnya setelah gempa terjadi butuh beberapa jam untuk mengetahui berita pada app ini. Terima kasih.
Di appnya muncul notif buat ngaktifin gps, padahal udah aktif. Mudah2an developernya bisa betulin. Semangat ya dev .
Not quickly-updated..
Loc gps ga akurat. Tolong di perbaiki, berita terbarunya hrus cpet trupdet. Ty.
Selalu gagal menemukan lokasi saya. Padahal sudah saya aktifkan gps saya..
Lebih suka dengan peta yg lama.  Lebih jelas. Kalau bisa, buat pilihan peta..
Bagus bgt, uptodate bgt tentang bencana alam terutama gempa.
Ga update...gempa di mataram ga terupdate.
Aplikasi ringan n lmayan akurat.
Makin bagus dari sebelumnya...semoga terus diperbaiki...terima kasih & semangat !!.
Sangat bermanfaat, tampilan simpel .
Bagus.  Tapi masih agak lambat.. tolong diperbaiki...
Sa' aja.
Lanjutttkan BMKG jossss.
Untuk tasikmalaya..update...
Error gps.
Keren.
Getting better...
1 minggu sudah di gunakan, aplikasi membutuhkan loading yang dapat dibilang lambat, terkesan berat untuk diakses, saya menggunakan asus zenfone 6. Saran tampilan lebih di sederhanakan saja, yang penting user friendly dan mudah di akses. Beberapa kali juga aplikasi ini mengeluarkan hasil "tidak ada data".
Aplikasi sudah oke dan sangat bermanfaat. Kalau bisa, tolong ditambah fitur Prakiraan Cuaca per Jam (Hourly Forecast). Semangat, BMKG!.
TAMPILAN Aplikasinya Oke banget , gambar background nya saya suka, ditambah tampilan icon iconnya oke.  INFO nya update per propinsi dan kota ( walau tidak semua juga ada ), Infomasi tambahan seperti gempa juga ada, mungkin perlu ditambah  kualitas udara di banyak kota lagi. thanks BMKG...
tadinya sy kira app ini akan memberikn notifikasi scr real-time (misalnya seperti whatsapp) ketika ada peristiwa gempa, ternyata belum. Alangkah baiknya kalau di-ada-kan..
Aplikasinya sudah bagus namun sayang server aksesnya mudah drop, mohon di perbanyak lagi servernya bila perlu tarus di vps liar negeri untuk jaga" terputus..
Yth. Deputi bidang Metorologi, agar sekiranya dapat di tambahkan tentang informasi tinggi gelombang guna keamanan navigasi pelayaran khususnya untuk pelayaran tradisional.
Oh ya, sebelumnya saya blm tau cara kerja aplikasi ini, tp ada masukan dr saya klo bisa ada fitur alert atau notification peringatan biar daerah yg terkena atau dirasakan gempa tau. Itupun kalo belum ada kalo udah ada baguslah..
utk aplikasi resmi bmkg..rasanya perlu banyak dilakukan perbaikan.baru selesai install,aplikasi tidak dapat berjalan normal..
Adalah ibukota provinsi Kalimantan Timur, dan sepertinya di list kok ga ada ya. Jadi tidak bisa melihat update cuaca kalo begitu..
Awalnya bermasalah dengan lokasinya ternyata solusinya adalah nyalakan gps dulu baru buka aplikasinya. Saya menggunakan redmi note 3 pro.
Aplikasinya agak lag dan kurang responsif :).
The connection to the server was unsuccesful. (file:///android_asset/www/index.html).
Sering gagal mengambil data... Tidak terhubung dengan server.....
Kok lelet ya app nya? Tolong di upgrate dong, biar makin nyaman makenya.
banyak yang perlu di benahi, baru install udah banyak error. semoga bisa lebih baik lagi..
it's so lagging. please fix it, make it better n faster.
Udah 3 kali cari lokasi tetap saja tdk ditemukan lokasi anda, padahal gps sdh aktif. Selain itu juga appnya lambat ga responsif..so uninstal coz useless!.
Mohon ditambahkan fitur notifikasi, dan widget agar lebih Informatif..
Saran saya untuk intensitasnya menggunakan SIG. Agar masyarakat bisa lebih familiar dgn skala trsebut dibandingkan dengan MMI.
Walaupun kecepatan internet saya lumayan baik, namun aplikasi ini masih sering terputus dengan server. Mohon segera diperbaiki..
Pke programer yg canggih dong. Jgn yg murah kan ada dana kata Si Bos.. program ng'lag dan gak ada update stts d notifikasi...
Need improvement. Prakiraan cuaca untuk 1 minggu kedepan. Tambahkan prakiraan untuk lokasi populer (termasuk objek wisata). Jawa Barat agar ditambahkan Pangandaran..
Tidak update...padahal sdh beberapa kali terjadi gempa....pilihan...uninstall aja lah aplkasi ini....payah..sepayah payahnya..sudah gitu..kadang lokasi di jogja aja gak ktm....kadang server tak terkoneksi....sangat disayangkan.
Mohon diperbaiki system gps, dan dipercepat respon pengambilan data nya, selebihnya sudah cukup baik..
Tdk ada peringatan dini tentang adanya gempa. Sering kali tdk dpt terhubung dg server.
The best forecast application I've ever had. The accuracy is nearly 90-99%. It's suitable for Indonesia..
Setiap buka provinsi jawa timur kok tidak ada kota yg muncul? Sistem eror kah?.
Aplikasi gak ada gunanya, dari pertama cuma gagal ambil data terus.
Kenapa setiap kali aplikasi dijalankan, selalu gagal mendapatkan lokasi saya dan selalu gagal terhubung ke server? Banyak minusnya nih aplikasi drpd nilai plusnya.. MENGECEWAKAN!!!.
Pas lagi butuh lihat gempa terbaru dan situasi urgent. Apps malah tidak dpt menyambung ke server.
Aplikasi kurang responsif dan gagal dalam update lokasi.
Akan lebih bagus kalau ada fasilitas "alert" ketika ada gempa muncul notifikasi..
Pertama2 pakai app ini bisa auto update cuacanya tiap buka aplikasi, terakhir2 ngga mau lagi. Bahkan udah di clear app data tetap jg ngga mau update location. Di cari manual malah tiap klik, gagal update terus. Tolong di perbaiki. Thanks.
Ditambah notifikasi lebih bagus apalagi terkait peringatan gempa. D tggu updatenya.
buset masa di jakarta data tidam di temukan gk ada info cuaca kyk di pic.
tambahin notifikasi gempa EWS/TEWS.
Mohon ditambahkan fitur notifikasi,dan widget.
Min tolong segera diperbaiki...app yg di android tdk terupdate gempa terkininya....
Pls fix.
akhirnya update juga, salut buat temen2 BMKG.
Maju terus pantang menyerah BMKG.
Tambahin pilihan lokasi berbasis GPS dunk.
Tambahkan notifikasi Jika terjadi bencana di suatu daerah.
Update selanjutny mohon ditambah fitur widget dong min.
Gagal menemukan lokasi, padahal gps udh dinyalakan. Aplikasinya juga kurang dikembanngkan..
Susah konek ke server. Dan loading lambat sekali.
Tak pernah bisa On beres,SLA buruk Uninstall!.
The app is so laggy.
Lambat load area. Lebih cepat aplikasi bawaan gadget..
Tdk dapat melacak lokasi saya..saya memakai smartphohe samsung s5 dgn jaringan H+...
Aplikasinya jelek, gak bisa update lokasi saya...padahal gps aktif... Tolong diperbaiki lagi.
Tolong tambahkan fitur baru seperti peta cuaca..
Harus ada notofikasi biar bner2 bisa berguna.
Terus berkembang instansiku BMKG , jaya selalu .
Kurang informasi ombak.
Keren, akurat.
Semakin updated & informatif.....
Bisa lebih baik dari ini...
Buat versi widgetnya juga.
MEMBANTU BANGET, THANKS BMKG.
Gagal konek ke server.
Informasi Cukup Lengkap Akurat.
not connected to server.
Application Error Message.
Gak update, lambaat.
Tampilan sudah informatif dan mudah dipahami..
Tampilan bagus sekali.
Sangat membantu.
Gud,.
Try.
What a great application!.
Sip.
Mantab.
Mantap.
Lemot.
Best of the Best.
Not bad.
Aplikasinya kecil dan cukup cepat. Hanya saja lebih baik dapat menggunakan informasi lokasi data user berada. Saya yang dijakarta apakah harus mengetahui cuaca di aceh apakah hujan atau tidak. Akan lebih simple apabila langsung current location saja. Btw terima kasih tim it bmkg..
Sedikit tambahan, semoga konstruktif: Apabila tersedia widget untuk cuaca (seperti accuweather) akan lebih menarik, dan kemudahan akses informasi Penggunaan tombol back untuk navigasi nampaknya lebih baik dibanding menjadi tombol exit Terima kasih..
Cacat jan di download koneksi 1000kbps tetep aja lemot (terjadi kesalahan data hari ini) terus aja gtu.
Sudah bagus, namun saya masih kesusahan ketika membuka cuaca di kota, saya harus memilih dulu kabupatennya, lalu kotanya, dan begitu pula ke esokan hari jika saya ingin melihat cuaca dikota saya. Baiknya ada semacam option untuk menyimpan tampilan kota yg kita pilih, atau semacam widget otomatis, sehingga kita tidak perlu repot repot mencari kota kita, dan kita masih bisa melihat cuaca di kota lain jika kita ingin bepergian.
Kalau ditambah informasi tentang aktivitas gunung vulkanik lalu dibuat default propinsi bisa dipilih pasti jadi lebih bagus. Terus kembangkan ya. Great job...
Aplikasi keren update, tp tolong tambahkan fitur alarm gempa pada ponsel, sehingga dalam radius berapa kilo meter dr posisi pengguna bisa diketahui real time, bisa lebih waspada juga.. Thanks.
Aplikasinya sudah lumayan bagus, tp menurut saya masih perlu beberapa perkembangan lg, karena: 1. Masih melakukan download setiap ke menu utama (apakah krn blm menyimpan cache?) 2. Prakiraan cuaca per kabupaten masih banyak kosongnya (tdk ada data?) 3. Tidak ada salahnya utk meniru & mengembangkan berdasarkan aplikasi sejenis (spt yahoo weather ato the weather channel) 4. Kalau ada widget & update berkala real-time akan jauh lbh bagus lagi.  Aplikasi ini merupakan salah satu terobosan hebat BMKG dlm memberikan pelayanan informasi kepada masyarakat. Selamat BMKG, keep up the good works!.
Isi prakiraan cuacanya sama dngn d situs ny, kalau bisa d tambah prakiraan untuk beberapa hari kedepan ny, akan jauh lebih baik.
Bagus nih. Prakiraan mendekati tepat. Sedikit saran coba dikembangkan lagi sehingga setiap buka otomatis nampilin prakiraan cuaca di lokasi yang sudah kita atur. Itu sangat membantu..
Berguna sekali. Tapi sepertinya perlu ditambahkan prakiraan cuaca 2 hari kedepan. Dan mungkin bisa ditambahkan layanan telepon ke BMKG terdekat..
aplikasi yang bagus, saran aja untuk dikasih peringatan gempa bumi nya karna penting untuk segera diketahui masyarakat, masa untuk mengetahui gempa bumi harus buka dulu, lebih bagus lagi kalau ada peringatanya kan, yah semacam  EWS dan gratis tentu saja...thank in advance.
Lumayan. Untuk upgrade, coba team BMKG bandingkan dengan aplikasi cuaca Hong Kong yang dibuat HK Weather Observatory yang bisa info real time apakah di lokasi akan hujan 2 jam ke depan, termasuk peta satelit dll. Mudah2an bisa se detail & user friendly seperti itu someday.
Aplikasinya bagus, sesuai dengan kondisi terkini.. Saran tambahan, tombol backnya kalau bisa tetap di top pada saat kita scroll ke bawah, jadi kalau mau kembali kemenu sebelumnya ga harua acroll balik keatas. Diatas ada logo BMKG, baiknya jika logo tab di select/pencet, arahkan ke situs resmi BMKG.. Terima kasih...
Bagus, tp update tgglnya kurang real time. Contoh sy buka tgl 3/2 '15 jam 08.00 masih keluar perkiraan tgl 2/2 '15. Satu lagi, utk pilihan parkiraan cuaca kabupaten tidak ada tombol kembali ke menu utama. Jadi kl udah pilih parkiraan cuaca kabupaten, kl "back" langsung keluar dr aplikasi. Trims.
Aplikasinya bagus lengkap simple tp fungsi back button jd hilang sehingga kalo mau back harus slide ke atas dulu.
Gak begitu akurat.tertulis seharian full tgl 27jul2013 DI Yogyakarta hujan ringan,tapi di malam hari tdk hujan.tapi gak membuat hilang star lah.makanya disebut PRAKIRAAN cuaca,krn tdk pasti terjadi.akan lebih baik bila ada widget utk homescreen spt weather app lainnya.jadi gak perlu repot2 msk app utk update cuaca di kota tertentu.overall gak ada keluhan yg significant.size appnya juga kecil bgt.5stars buat motivasi dev team utk menambahkan feature dan menjadikannya lebih baik..
Kok tanggal perkiraannya kurang real-time atau kurang up-to-date ya? Misalnya pagi ini sudah tanggal 18, tapi di aplikasi nya masih menampilkan informasi ramalan ttg tanggal 17. Ini mah bukan perkiraan, tapi historis cuaca. Tolong diperbaiki ya, soalnya ini sangat bermanfaat..
It would be nice if you guys add "peringatan dini" feature. And please make it simple and easier to understand..
Applikasinya bagus cuman kalo di tambahin menu share by email or sosial media akan lebih bermanfaat. Terus berkarya!.
Lebih bagus bila aplikasi ini lebih diupdate terus buat datanya,  terlebih lagi ditambahi dengan vitur pop up siaga bencana,  jadi pemberitauan awal bila terjadi bencana sehingga lebih meminimalis jumlah korban.
Lebih hebat lagi kalau dilengkapi dengan notifikasi kalau sedang terjadi gempa, merupakan info yg sangat penting utk masyarakat utk antisipasi. rasanya percuma saja diinstall di device kalo hanya utk baca baca  saja,,,, ayo lengkapi, jngn kalah sama aplikasi yg lain, yg justru ngambil datanya dari BMKG,,,,.
Tinggal disempurnakan aja kali ya.. data prakiraan cuacanya belum lengkap. Trus tiap klik tombol back (di hp) malah exit, bukannya back to previous menu, sementara tombol back di menunya sendiri ngga selalu ada..
Saya sudah suka dengan aplikasi ini , mungkin ini untuk wilayah jakarta,depok , dan bogor sudah baik kalau untuk kota lain hanya mendapatkan info cuaca satu sedang kan untuk jakarta bogor,dan depok  mendapatkan untuk pagi siang dan sore..
Aplikasi yang baik sebagai info kejadian alam. Moho ditambahkan alaram apa bila ada info kejadian gempa bumi, tanpa info tp harus melihat real tame..
Udah maju lagi ni apps ny tinggl di tambahin wiget + klo bisa di kasi peta ny. Tanks ya BMKG terus maju..
udah gak update lagi ni app, terakhir update 2013, dan tidak kompatibel dengan android 5.1.1, saya harap dapat diupdate dan berguna untuk masyarakat.
Kurang akurat nih, yang diklik sering miss.. mau klik ini mlah kena itu..tak tau lg dh mungkin lg error devicenya.
aplikasi yang bagus, saran aja untuk dikasih peringatan gempa bumi nya karna penting untuk segera diketahui masyarakat, masa untuk mengetahui gempa bumi harus buka dulu, lebih bagus lagi kalau ada peringatanya kan, yah semacam EWS dan tentu saja harus gratis  Jadi intinya harus dilengkapi ALARM / ALERT / PERINGATAN berupa sirine  ditunggu updatenya... !!!!.
Pop up notification untuk bencana terdekat, terkini. Integrasi dgn GPS Dan map perlu dan sangat penting..
Ada beberapa kabupaten yang tidak ada ramalan cuacanya. penampilannya sederhana namun bermanfaat. terima kasih sudah membuat aplikasi ini.
Setiap buka app harus proses unduh, sebaiknya selalu up to date dngn proses otomatis. Semoga saja app ini bsa memberkn informasi yg cepat slm peringatan dini bencana alam.
Kalo abis gempa, servernya error. Terus updatenya juga kurang cepat. Itu aja sih, makasih.
Not bad, Easy to use with enough information for me, but the back button bugs on ICS devices need to be fixed. Fix it please, and also the UI improvement for latter update..
Selamat BMKG! What a leap... Klu bisa tambah dgn fitur search daerah dan trend beberapa hari kedepan. Well done! Good job! Congrats!!!.
Gempa bumi terkini selalu terjadi kesalahan dalam pengambilan data. 1 star again after fix it.
Data download takes too long and errorneous. Useless app.
Menu lama sekali munculnya. Begitu muncul tulisannya: "data salah"..
5 bintang jika ada alert nya,,,karna penting informasi gempa di ketahui masyarakat berada di daerah mana,,jadi 4 bintang dulu.
Sangat disayangkan justru info gempa TIDAK MEMPUNYAI NOTIF justru hal yg paling penting adalah pemberitahuan gempanya untuk masyarakat secepat mungkin. TIDAK MEMPUNYAI CITRA SATELIT PERGERAKAN AWAN DAN SUHU AWAN paling tidak 2 jam terakhir..
Karya anak bangsa yg harus dihargai. Ayo, jangan berhenti sampai di sini. Salut buat BMKG.
Setiap kali saya klik area tertentu maka akan tertukis terjadi kesalahan pd data hari ini. Tolong perbaiki krna saya ingin coba pakai aplikasi bmkg. Selama ini saya pakai aplikasi forecast cuaca milik negara lain..
Rasanya accuweather bwan d htc one sy lebih mumpuni drpd aplikasi ini. Langsung terupdate lagi sesuai lokasi saya berada. Kasi 3 bintang aja biar developer tertantang memperbaharui dan menambal kekurangan aplikasi ini.
mohon untuk menu gempa terkini langsung di update secara real time.
Aplikasi yang sangat tidak menarik untuk kelas sebesar bmkg. Terlalu sangat sederhana. Dan banyak informasi yang tidak perlu ditampilkan. Apa tidak ada programer yang bener untuk urusan ini? Saran saya belajar dari aplikasi lain yang ada di play store..
Dari saya pribadi akan lebih sempurna jika informasi forecast cuaca dalam beberapa hari/minggu/bulan dan dilengkapi peta pergerakan awan dlm lingkup regional atau nasional.
Bangga sbg rekan yg tlah buat apps bmkg ini...jaya trs bmkg ku.
Nice cuman tambahin alertnya donk, biar bisa early warning, smoga sarannya di pertimbangkan. Gbu.
Aplikasinya cukup membantu. Sayangnya kalau sudah masuk di 'Prakiraan Cuaca Kabupaten' ga ada tombol back sama home di atas seperti yang lain, jadi mau ga mau harus keluar aplikasi dulu..
lebih ditingkatkan detail dan keakuratannya, harus bisa mencakup seluruh kabupaten diIndonesia ...semoga BMKG bermanfaat bagi seluruh warga Indonesia yg butuh info update cuaca& gempa dll.
Data yg di load butuh koneksi bagus. Mungkin data mentah bukan terkompresi. Lebih cepat Lihat Websitenya langsung. Kesalahan melulu di cuaca kabupaten. UNINSTALL Aja deh... lewat WEB jauh lebih baik dan cepat.
Bisa tw info ttg gempa di Indonesia nii, jd bsa siaga deh.
Kembangkan lagi pak. Kalau bisa ada peringatan bencana terdekat dgn pemilik ponsel. Jadi aplikasi jg terhubung gps. Peringatan kemungkinan tsunami yg disertai alarm perlu.
Makin hari update cuaca Kabupaten untuk wilayah Jabar nya makin siang bahkan 29/3 ini lewat tengah hari belum update, padahal di Web sudah terkini. Jadi darimana data nya diunduh..?.
Sebaiknya info gempa terkini ditambah dg history gempa terkini, min. 1 bulan sebelumnya. Karena kalau diperhatikan datangnya gempa besar biasanya ditandai dg gempa2 kecil yg berulang meskipun acak waktunya..
Aplikasi nya sangat membantu dan informatif. Hanya saja ..kalau boleh saran..untuk segi tampilan semoga ada peningkatan agar kedepannya lebih baik n lebih menarik..
Kalo di tambahin widget pasti lbh keren om, jd bsa tau update cuaca lbh aktual.
Prakiraan cuaca di luar jakarta tidak tepat.. Hari ini diberitakan berawan utk jateng,, khususnya sukoharjo tp hari ini td hujan -_- Tlng utk lebih ditingkatkan lagy min.. Tks.
Applikasi ini bermanfaat. Mohon dikembangkan lagi : 1. Terlalu sering download, mngkin bs pakai cache. 2. Sebaiknya dibuat notifikasi, biar kalau ada peristiwa penting langsung dibaca. 3. Cuaca kabupaten sebaiknya diurutkan berdasarkan alfabet saja, biar lebih gampang mencari nama kabupaten..
Di update dong, masa udh 2 taon gak di update2, jadi gak kompatibel kan sama os android yg baru2 kaya lolipop.
fr starting application its very well .. hope admin fix & add many option tu use this app, such weathers for many next days, catogories of weather & list of earthquake ...
Perlu banyak peningkatan, jangan hanya seperti browser tapi harus seperti aplikasi. Bagus lagi kalo support my location sama widget.
sekarang aplikasi ini merupakan aplikasi pasif.  akan lebih baik apabila dapat membuat notifikasi apabila terdapat gempa besar di Indonesia / peringatan tsunami (bisa dipilih daerah atau nasional), sehingga aplikasi ini dapat menjadi warning instant untuk warga..
Untuk lembaga sekelas bmkg aplikasi ini bener2 dibawah standar aplikasi cuaca yang lainnya, sebenernya ini cuma shortcut untuk masuk ke situs bmkg.
Sulit koneksi ke server, mohon diperbaiki....
Prakiraan cuaca dan info gempa sudah bagus, mungkin bisa ditambahkan foto satelit mengenai cuaca di indonesia. Terima kasih.
Sekalian donk di tambah menu cuaca di bandara, sangat berguna sekali jika digunakan dengan org yg bekerja di bandara seperti aviation.bmkg Terimakasih.
Baru download trus buka wilayah jabar terjadi kesalahan katanya, bali juga, yg wilayah lain belum coba dibuka ni, sama ajq kayaknya.
Aplikasi perkiraan cuaca terbaik untuk wilayah Indonesia. Untuk pengembang aplikasi teruskan kerja baik dan bermanfaay ini ..., SALAM INDONESIA SATU.
Buat tim BMKG ,jika bisa untuk wilayah indonesia per kabupaten di sulawesi tengah tolong di tambahkan juga data terkini, untuk daerah " kabupaten banggai laut " mengingat   tingginya aktivitas pelayaran juga nelayan tiap harinya terutama pada malam hari, t'rima kasih..
Ini program yg manfaat, thanks for team kedepan mungkin bisa lebih inofative lagi.
Download data nya tidak bisa, seharusnya harus ada tombol refresh agar tidak harus keluar masuk aplikasi saat ada hal seperti ini.
tp tampilan ui-nya kurang menarik...msh byk bget kekurangan nya 1.prediksi bwt esok hari blm ada 2.gk bisa di set kota sbgai default 3.blm ada widged utk halaman homescreen mohon utk segera meliris update selanjutnya,agar lebih bgus lg.
Kok ga ada buat ramalan cuaca maritimnya.... Buat pelaut itu sangat berguna. Kalo bisa dimasukan diapplikasi gituuuu.... Salam bahari.
Parah, ga bisa diakses sama sekali aplikasinya. Loading teruuus, padahal udah pake sinyal wifi yg kenceng :(.
Update seharusnya jgn setiap buka aplikasi, seharusnya selalu update agar lebih tepat karena fungsi nya penting. Akan lebih bagus jika memiliki widget, tampilan harus diperbaiki juga detailnya. Push notifications harusnya ada, untuk peringatan dini dan peringatan bencana gempa dll daerah sekitar pengguna, sehingga org juga tau tanpa membuka aplikasi ada peringatan..
Keren! Semua orang Indonesia yang punya smartphone sebaiknya punya aplikasi ini! Sangat berguna..
Setelah masuk ke menu Prakiraan Cuaca Kabupaten, tombol back atau home nya mana ya...?.
tp gak bisa dishare ke media sosial, spt facebook, bbm dsb, untuk penyebaran informasi, mohon app nya ditambah....
Buat apa aplikasi n website kalau tidak bisa di akses?.
Bagus dan pantas untuk instal aplikasi ini. Agar lebih dikembangkan, yah. Simpel, namun hampir mendekati benar!.
Aplikasi bagus, bgusnya dbikinin widget dan terus dikembangin, jangan kalah dari aplikasi weather dri luar.
Sudah memadai. Kalau ada widgetnya akan lebih menarik lagi.
Sometimes inaccurate.
Klo bs di tambahkan info tinggi gelombang laut jg..
Brusan ngerasain gempa. Pas ngecek aplikasinya yg ada data gempa yg kemarin aja :(.
Akan lebih baik lagi kalau dilengkapi dengan peringatan tsunami seIndonesia dan alarmnya :).
Sangat bermanfaat bagi kita yg aktivitas di luar rumah terutama aktivitas antar kota di indonesia..
Ga bisa jalan d nexus 5. Cm bisa masuk app tp g loading isinya.
Alangkah lebih baiknya jika disertakan alarm gempa agar meminimalisir korban gempa Thanks  Rocketsid PADANG.
Rekomanded utk mengetahui cuaca . Trims BMKG . Tp beberapa daerah tdk bs Connect ya ?.
..tapi tombol back nya ga ad ketika browsing kabupaten... fix it and it'll be the most trustable weather forecast....
Kalau ada widget direct ke cuaca terkini dan mendatang akan lbh bagus..
info yg diberkan tidak se update di websitenya, dan tampilan kurang menarik...
Kalau dibuka error terus.
UI perlu dikembangkan lagi, terutama ikon-ikon dan tombol untuk pengaturan, mohon utk disediakan.
Sangat bermanfaat, akan lebih baik lagi, kalau ada perkiraan 2 hari kedepan. :).
Unduh datanya ampe batre panas ga kelar-kelar, data ga nongol, batre drop iya...
Komplit & akurat, sangat membantu mengetahui kondisi cuaca sampai ke tingkat kabupaten..
Tdk dikembangkan... susah mengunduh data... "Prakiraan Cuaca hari ini Propinsi Jawa Timur  Terjadi Kesalahan data pada hari ini..." LOL.
Applikasi nya bagus, kekurangannya hanya tidak bisa menampilkan cuaca per jam.
Ramalan lebih banyak ngawur (85%) daripada benar.  Mintalah DPR beli alat pengukur yang canggih..
Alarm gempa (EWS) apa hidup ya?di Bengkulu tempat sy tinggal rawan gempa..
Mohon update aplikasi biar setiap ada gempa aplikasi mengeluarkan notifikasi di layar.
Bagus nih, perkabupaten kedepan bisa perkota tiap kabupaten. Sukses selalu BMKG.
Kita bisa tahu berita terkini mengenai cuaca dan gempa..
App ini bagus...cm apa bs ditambah perkiraan arah angin se-Indonesia...thx.
Ga bisa bookmark kota.
Sangant membantu, tolong di up terus ya biar lebih baik lagi.
Sekarang lihat update berita cuaca gak perlu cari2 lagi.
GEMPA HANCUR SEMUA DULU BARU KELUAR INFO NYA...
Masih banyak fitur aplikasi cuaca yg perlu ditambahkan pd aplikasi ini.
Sudah oke, tapi masih kurang akurasi waktu kapan hunjan/tidak.
Sangat membantu sekali, apalagi di cuaca sekarang ini yg tidak menentu.
Aplikasinya mantab,sangat2 membantu..thanx.
Bagus banget tp lebih bagus lg dibikin widgetnya.
Ini lebih mirip shortcut dibanding aplikasi..tolong diperbaiki..dan tolong ditambah widget juga..tks.
Beberapa saran mudah untuk perbaikan layanan aplikasi ini : 1. Gempa terkini & dirasakan sebaiknya dalam bentuk list dari beberapa gempa terakhir, agar bisa diketahui apakah merupakan gempa susulan atau bukan. 2. Menekan tombol back pada device harusnya kembali ke halaman sebelumnya & hanya exit dari halaman home. 3. Menu utama dibuat statis saja karena jarang berubah. 4. Sediakan cache dari akses sebelumnya dengan opsi refresh..
Sebaik baik aplikasi adalah yang bermanfaat bagi pemakainya..
Accuweather jauh lebih baik utk perkiraan cuaca..
Top information for earth quake.
Tampilannya diperbaiki lagi, dan ditambah juga widgetnya.
Kita bisa melihat perkiraan cuaca di Indonesia.
Kurang kemampuan share ke social media.
Bagus banget, ditambah prakiraan 2 hari 3 hari kedepan (y).
Uptodate sama dengan di web resmi.  Tinggal dikembangin. Tampilanya, fiturnya juga.
Tampilan yang flat desig.n.. mungkin lbh keren.
Sebelum jalan-jalan jd tahu mau hujan atau tidaknya... Ty.
mantappp brats...
kalau boleh kasih saran di bikin widgetnya biar lebih mantap.
Mantap!.
Bagus nih app nya, jadi kalo mau pergi2 gampang ^^.
Akan lebih keren kalo misalnya ada widgetnya....
Koneksi ke server kurang bagus.
Moga di tingkatkan lagi keakuratan nya.
Bisa make gps user gk?.
Bagus sekali aplikasi ini,ukuran yg sngat kecil,tapi membantu.hebat,cool app,keep it up!!.
Mantep applikasinya!! Semoga memberikan update terkini.
Mohon desain tampilannya bisa lebih baik..
Aplikasi ini sangat berguna dan penting..
Sangat berguna dan baik sekali.
Saya sangat mengapresiasi inisiatif BMKG.
app bagus untuk perkiraan cuaca.
Informasi yang membantu terus ditingkatkan.
masih ada "bug" di aplikasi ini, mohon diperbaiki.
Masukan, tambah Widget ny dunk,, mksh .
Informasi utk deteksi dini.
Bisa tau info dgn cepat.
Lumayan informatif. Namun sesekali kurang akurat.
95% gagal mengunduh data. Kenapa? Ayo dong....
Maju bravo BMKG!!!.
Aplikasi yg bagus dan simpel.
Terima kasih, aplikasi yg bermanfaat..
Bisa liat info gempa & cuaca di negri sendiri. Thx^^v.
Applikasinya bagus, tapi klo bisa ditambah untuk maritim juga..
Aplikasi yang sangat berguna bagi info cuaca dan perkiraan gempa.
Boleh diperlengkap lg isinya?.
Sepertinya kurang update dgn cepat..
Sangat berguna.
sering lambat loading nya.
Coba ditambahkan prakiraan gelombang untuk pelayaran dan prakiraan cuaca untuk penerbangan....
80% perkiraan cuaca akurat.
Lambat akses, loading.
Dapat dibuat sebagai perencanaan perjalanan, perencanaan kegiatan dan keamanan.
Masih perlu banyak perbaikan. Tidak semua daerah tercover... Good job.
Good applications for weather, earth quakes and climate, in indonesia.
kenapa ngk bisa di buka ini...
Bikin widget kayak accuweather dong...
Tidak ada alert ke handset ....
Aplikasinya sopan hahaha.
Tidak dapat mengunduh data.
Info tsunami sangat bermanfaat.
Semoga tepat dan bermanfaat.
buatin widget dong.
Cukup membantu dengan info yg tepat....
mantaap.
App yg sangat bermanfaat.
Mantab sdh update lg.
Kesulitan menghubungi server....
Aplikasi yg brmanfaat.
Ga iso download datanya... fix it ok.
Terus kembangkan!! Aplikasi bermanfaat jika terus di "develop" dan di "maintain"...salam.
Ok legkap dan mudah...
Mengunduh datanya lama.
Saya hanya ingin design aplikasi yang lebih baru.
Infonya kurang real time. Mohon ditingkatkan. Terima kasih :).
Aplikasi wajib punya. Sizenya kecil N gratis. .
Good Application  but size font small not change to large  size.
Enable share info ke medsos & jgn bnyak loading.
It's very usefull, you must install this app..
Informasi kurang lengkap.
Keep Update the App.
Sangat membantu infonya.
Sangat membantu.
boleh jo.
Berguna, akurat, Thanks.
Asololeee.
..
Produck sndiry gan ....
Mantap... Lanjutkan....
Bagus dan ga ada iklannya.
Aplikasi yg sangat bermanfaat..
Simple interface, easy to use.
Bagus, perlu dikembangkan terus.
Ok,,, hajar.
muantap......
Sangat update (y).
programnya oke sangat membantu.
Mungkin bisa dipercantik aplikasinya.
Good app for android.
Good.
Dukung terus.
Trima kasih.
Aplikasinya keren.
Keep up.
Bagus sekali.
Lindu.
Betzzz.
Ok.
Sangat bermanfaat.
Mantap.
Aplikasi bagus!.
Oke bgt.
josh banged.
Nice app..
Great app.
Sangat membantu.
Sangat membantu.
Sangat membantu.
Mantap..simple and akurat !!!.
(y).
Thanks for app.
Excellence.
Not bad.
tks.
Quick update.
Very helpull.
Baru coba.
Mayan.
Like it.
ok.
O.k..
Keren.
Ok.
Lunayan.
Lumayan.
lancar.
Mantap.
Tingkatkan..
Bagus.
Ok.
Ok.
Bagus.
Excellent. Love it..
&lt;.
Satisfaction!.
Good Job...
Amazing app.
Help full.
Good apps.
Goooooo.
Good.
Good information.
Good apps.
Good.
Nice apps.
Nice.
Goog.
usefull.
Nice app.
Good.
Good.
Bgt.
Cool...!!.
(y).
Cool.
Good.
Good.
Nice.
Nice.
Good.
Excelent.
Good.
Cool....
good.
Good.
Yang penting akuratnya.. Gak masalah dah tampilannya sdah keren.
mantab gan... kasih option untuk exit donk :).
Lmyan...hehe.
Keren.
Mantap....
App-nya bagus, infonya cepat dan tepat. Tapi ketika saya buka dan 
dialokasikan ke map, muncul pop up google yg mengatakan "do u own this 
wrbsite blablabla" . mohon solusi nya ? krn mengganggu sekali.
Jikalau ada animasi perubahan suhu. Intensitas hujan. Arah air laut. Dan animasi pendukung bakalan lebih baik dan diperbaiki lagi.  cinta produk indonesia.
seandainya aplikasi info bmkg bisa memberi notifikasi ke masing masing pemilik aplikasi yang di sekitarnya rawan bencana atau berpotensi bencana, akankah lebih baik dalam menanggulangi beencana, dan aplikasi ini akan lebih sangat berguna.
sebenarnya aplikasi sudah bagus, tapi mohon diperhatikan untuk cuaca maritim, selalu error 'tidak dapat terhubung dengan server'.. mohon agar segera diperbaiki, krn informasi cuaca maritim sangat dibutuhkan masyarakat yg banyak menggunakan transportasi laut..
Tampilan aplikasinya bagus dan isi kontennya berguna untuk mendapatkan informasi terkini. Namun akan lebih baik lagi jika terdapat push notification atau alarm realtime jika terjadi bencana..
aplikasi yg cukup membantu, saran alangkah bagusnya jika dilengkapi alarm peringatan dini jika ada gempa/tsunami bagi yg lokasi terdampak.
Notifikasi sebaiknya bisa diatur untuk tiap info (gempa saja, cuaca saja, dll) berdasarkan parameter pilihan, misalnya jarak dari pengguna, magnitudo gempa..
Barusan gempa di daerah Situbondo, kerasa sampe Surabaya. Dan ga ada notifikasi sama sekali. GPS masih di Jakarta aja, padahal wilayah Indonesia yang rawan ada dimana2 ga cuma Jakarta doang. Tolong di manage lagi ini app nya, setidaknya ada pemberitahuan sebelum ada gempa dll, dan detail nya. Walaupun hanya sekedar prediksi, setidaknya kami sebagai warga bisa waspada sebelum terlambat. Notif nya bisa mode getar atau alarm.. Maaf, sementara uninstall dan menunggu untuk di fix kan. Terima kasih..
Tolong diperbaiki pada Map nya Karena sedikit lag jadi dioptimal lagi 
ya.... .
ko saya mau lihat peta iklim hari tanpa hujan ga muncul warna iklim merah dll? katanya googlenya "halaman ini tidak dapat memuat google maps dengan benar" mohon bantuannya.
Mohon maaf bintang 1 dulu lah Ada gempa apps ga bisa munculin apa2, direfresh2 pun lama baru muncul, ehhh beberapa jam kemudian baru ada notifnya, trus apa gunanya diinstal .
Mau kasih saran ni, lebih bagus lagi klo ada widget biar bisa di letakkan di desktop tanpa harus buka aplikasi. Selebihnya ini aplikasi bagus, updatenya cepet juga, dan lumayan akurat. Maju terus buat kedepannya.
Secara tampilan sudah cukup baik.. namun dapat lebih baik lagi apabila terdapat fungsi interaktif di mana users dapat melaporkan gempa yang dirasakan, untuk kemudian dicocokkan dengan rekaman pada seismometer dan mekengkapi data yang ada dengan skala MMI..
niatnya sih oke, tapi apa gunanya aplikasi minta akses lokasi kalo info cuaca gak bisa diganti daerahnya? Lebih berguna ngikutin akun Twitter BMKG..
tidak semua gempa di infokan, dan kalaupun ada gempa nanti 1-2 jam baru muncul info gempa nya,, jadi kurang bermanfaat untuk sebuah aplikasi dengan nama "INFO BMKG" KAMI MASYARAKAT INDONESIA BUTUH INFO CEPAT DAN AKURAT!.
Sebaiknya dibuatkan widget nya, buat gempa dan cuaca. Biar tidak selalu buka aplikasi hanya buat cek cuaca. Kalau jadi dibuat widget jangan yang tampilannya biasa-biasa saja. Widget salah satu cara membuat tampilan desktop lebih berkelas, dan mudah dalam memantau aplikasi..
Sekelas bmkg kok pake google api versi developer, dibandingkan mobile jkn dari bpjs kesehatan yg notabene defisit mulu google api nya lebih oke tuh..
Aplikasinya sangat informatif. Mohon ditambahkan mode untuk on/off notifikasi, terutama gempa bumi. Sy tinggal di pesisir pantai, butuh dapat informasi secepat dan seakurat mungkin..
Sebaiknya ada peta guncangannya (shake map) pada skala mercalli juga untuk yg gempa bumi. Jadi bisa dicek intensitasnya saat di tempat kejadian. Kadang alertnya aneh. Gempa atau kejadian peringatan cuaca ekstrim ga tampil, padahal tempatnya dekat..
Cukup baik sudah, dan sebuah terobosan yg perlu di apresiasi. Masukan aja..kalau mau balik ke menu home kok ditny malah exit app..
Bermasalah di GPS, kurang akurat Tolong di benahi Sama masalah saya sama yg lain Kalok satu dua orang yg permasalahin okelah, tp ini bnyak yg permasalahin masalah GPS Makasi.
Saran Kepada BMKG, mungkin app nya dikasih notif tentang gempa yg terjadi di posisi kita seperti dijepang, saat gempa melanda daerah tersebut maka akan ada suara Notif "Jishin - des" (gempa bumi) mungkim bisa ditambahkan fitur tersebut.
Barusan sy mrasa ada gempa.. stlah bbrp saat gempa lalu saya cek di website bmkg ternyata bnar.. ada gmpa di barat daya banyuwangi.. cepat sekali informasi yg diberikan oleh bmkg.. langsung aja deh saya cari n donlot aplikasi ini...
Fitur sharenya yg dishare malah link lebih baik gambar atau informasi agar mudah dipahami. Tambah widget biar bisa dipasang di layar..
Sangat bermanfaat.  Saran : mungkin bisa ditambah fitur notifikasi atau peringatan jika terjadi sesuatu atau update info baik mengenai gempa atau cuaca.
gak bisa connect ke server, gak bisa mencari lokasi ....
applikasi gempa Bumi error tidak bisa buka.
Perlu ditambah, setiap beberapa jam untuk keterangan cuaca perlu di publikasikan. Tapi udah GOOD kok.
Akurat dan terpercaya, dapat membantu memberikan info terkini mengenai kondisi cuaca dan gempa bumi di Indonesia..
UPDATE NOTIFIKASI CUACA JANGAN CUMA JABODETABEK DONG!! EMANG KERJANYA BMKG DI DAERAH ITU NGAPAIN KNP GA ADA UPDATE/PUSH NOTIF CUACA UNTUK DAERAH LAINNYA!!!.
share location tidak akurat. sy di jaksel, tapi terdeteksi di jakbar. tidak ada prakiraan cuaca secara per jam (hourly).
pengaturan gempa bumi dan banjir tolong disesuaikan filternya dengan lokasi GPS agar notifikasi yang diberikan lebih relevan..
Udah cukup bagus, cuma saya paling perlu info prakiraan tinggi gelombang, masih belum bisa diakses datanya, mohon secepatnya diperbaiki, makasih....
baru instal, gagal di gps terus, padahal sinyal oke location juga oke, 
google maps sama waze bisa detect, ini gagal terus. uninstal jadinya..
Weather di Home Screen default u/Jakarta, tidak bisa dirubah ke lokasi kota dimana kita berada.
Mending liat langsung di twitternya BMKG, daripada aplikasi ini yg gagal terus terhubung ke server..
Aplikasi yg membantu untuk antisipasi cuaca. Mohon di tambah fitur share ke aplikasi sosmed. Terima kasih.
Sudah bagus namun masih  butuh pengembangan lagi. Semoga jg diikuti oleh badan2 pemerintahan yg lain.
Penyebutan wilayahnya pada notifikasi seringkali kurang lengkap. Jadi sering bingung kabupaten dan provinsinya dimana,tidak disebutkan..
Perlu di tambahkan alarm/buzzer peringatan gempa dlm radius tertentu, serta dapat di setting. Semoga dpt di implementasikan..
Sangat Menolong, Terlebih Lagi Untuk Mendapatkan Informasi Mengenai Gempa Bumi Yang Melanda Pulau-Pulau di Indonesia.
Bagus! Tp lebih bagus lg kalo ada notifikasi cuaca dan gempa daerah tertentu....
indonesia ketapang siapa ? aku -15 kalimnatan barat es hajun rumah jalan mobil astsga yang Thanks.
Aplikasinya istimewa dengan fitur info cuaca, angin, dan notifikasi gempa yg sangat di butuhkan semua orang. Saat di buka isinya gagal terhubung ke server. Sampai lama mencoba lagi tetep begitu, dengan nada menyerah akhirnya terpaksa tak hapus karena sedikit mengecewakan namun tetap istimewa. Semoga servernya bisa dibenahi lg sm developer. Istimewa buat kalian..
Tolong tambahkan fitur untuk menentukan dan menyimpan lokasi karena kadang-kadang apps gagal menemukan lokasi, terimakasih.
Keren, akurat, update terbaru lebih mantab ada gambaran patahan/sesar. Semoga makin bagus lagi..
Aplikasi jadul dan ta ada guna kalah bersaing dengan aplikasi yahoo wheather dan sejenisnya.
Coba nampak nya bagus buat tambah di hp mana tahu ada apa2 biar cepat tahu nya.
Terima kasih BMKG telah bekerja keras, Semoga indonesia tetap menjadi negara yg aman.
utk notification kalau bisa diimprove misal kejadian gempa jam 19 an notification muncul dari appnya jam 20 an.
Bagus. Memberikan informasi terbarukan seputar cuaca dan gempabumi, dilengkapi dengan press release resmi..
gps nya gak akurat, gua di tangerang selatan tapi di apps malah jakarta barat.
Usul: agar di 25 karakter pertama notifikasi sudah tergambar kejadian yg dilaporkan..
Sudah oke lah, untuk bisa mengetahui cuaca di Indonesia sampai tingkat kabupaten.  Tapi ada baiknya jika bisa mengingat kota terahir yang kita lihat, atau lebih baik lagi bisa mengetahui dimana lokasi kita saat membuka aplikasi ini. Fitur pelacakan tempat pengguna toh bukan hal baru. Sangat umum dipakai beberapa tahun terahir oleh aplikasi2 cuaca, bahkan aplikasi social media..
Padahal aplikasi ini berguna sekali tapi sayang sekali suka banget halaman close sendiri :|.
Aplikasi berjalan lambat, tapi fungsi normal. Dan berjalan. Semoga lbh berkembang lagi.
Meski kecil, Bagus dan berguna bagi kami yg didaerah rawan gempa & tsunami.
Notifikasi sangat mengganggu. Tiap jam ada Notifikasi gempa. Ga habis pikir gmn cara kerja otak programmernya. Harusnya bs atur lokasi dan kekuatan gempa utk Notifikasi. Buat apa tau gempa utk lokasi yg tidak kita inginkan? Tolong kepada bmkg untuk cari sdm yg lebih berkualitas.
Informasinya sangat update dan sangat disarankan untuk di download untuk mengetahui info terbaru BMKG.
Data gempanya gak update, duluan keluar d tv baru nongl disini..
Sangat membantu memberikan informasi yang dapat digunakan sebagai acuan rencana perjalanan.
Terus dibenahi demi kepentingan bersama, maju terus buat buat BMKG Indonesia.
Seringkali begitu....entah niat apa engga bikin aplikasinya....
Baru saja ada gempa di Banten, tp tidak muncul apa" di app..
Mantap nih.. smoga mkin bgs ama sering diupdate in lg.
GPS dan Notifikasi tidak berfungsi di android Oreo... padahal sebelumnya di Android Marsmelo bagus .
Tolong ditambahin info musim buah2an, thank you..
Sayang tidak ada restful api yang bisa digunakan oleh developer lokal seperti saya..
Semenjak update jdi susah dpt infonya, kyk gagal server terus.
jujur saya sedikit ter bantu, ganya saja reapon nya sanat lambat,.
ALHAMDULILLAH jadi bisa tau gempa bumi terkini cuaca Trimakasih BMKG.
semua informasi cuaca yang aku inginkan ada di aplikasi ini.
Gagal mendapatkan lokasi, selalu jakarta pusat, padahal lokasi di sulawesi. Mohon di perbaiki..
Keren lagi kalo pake notif waktu ada gempa gitu.
sudah coba terus, tapi gps nya selalu di jakarta pusat.
Sangat prihatin aplikasi pemerintah dgn dana milayaran kwalitas murahan.
Perbaiki dan terus improvisasi aplikasi nya supaya user friendly dan semakin informatid..
Mantab Gan... kalo bisa skalian tambahin menu citra satelit, radar, sama streamline....
Sangat disayangkan setelah diupdate, informasi tidak up to date lagi, khususnya mengenai kualitas udara.
Informasi yg disajikan bisa membantu masyarakat dalam  beraktifitas..
1 langkah maju untuk memanfaatkan teknologi informasi bagi keselamatan bangsa dan negara.
Gak ada berita tentang gempa bumi terbaru notifnya hilang.
This app is great than read another hoax message on chat app.
saya tinggal di jakarta timur, tapi lokasi menunjuk ke jakarta selatan....
Masih sangat kurang bagus nih aplikasinya...
Request widget jam dan cuaca bila mungkin..... Mantep surantep.
Aplikasinya sejak 2012 beluk pernah di update lagi.
Akurat, sangat membantu jika ingin perjalanan jauh.
Terkadang telat update informasi. 2 sampai 5 jam baru update...
BMKG PEMBUNUH WARGA PALU!!! BMKG KORUPSI!!! KPK BONGKAR BMKG!!! DISANA BANYAK TIKUS..
Mohon fiturnya dilengkapi sperti di websitenya....
Tambahin alert nya dong.... biar applikasi nya lebih hidup trims.
info gempa di Banten gak pernah ada. Aplikasi gak guna..
Lebih bagus lagi kalo ada widgetnya....
Apakah bisa dilengkapi notifikasi bila ada gempa.
Tamabahin dulu tentang cuaca pelayaran dan penyeberangan.
Aplikasi ini sangat membantu warga indonesia. Keren.
Cintai Produk Indonesia.
Mumpung skarang lagi gempa, hayo cepat" download Appny :).
Tambahkan widget untuk home screen biar kekinian.
Aplikasi bagus, dan lumayan akurat..
Kalo ditambah widget jadi bintang 5 deh :).
Auto detect lokasi tidak akurat. Opsi lokasi sangat terbatas..
Terima Kasih, sangat membantu.
Semoga anda bisaemberikan informasi yg baik.
neh aplikasi 2013 ga pernah update.
Sangat bermanfaat khusus ny buat seafarers. ..
Mau nanya, apakah website maritim.bmkg.go.id itu website resmi bmkg?.
Setelah terjadi gempa baru download.
Paten kali lah pokoknya.
I just installed and will look at it.
Wilayah kepri loading data bermasalah.
Ya gt deh :).
Terjadi kesalahan AGAIN ... Please fix it and then i give 5 star thanks.
Canggih tepat akurat.
app masih ampas, mohon diperbaiki.
Tepat dan sangat membantu saya..
Saya suka sekali dengan aplikasi INI,,,.
Aplikasi yg bagus, ditambah dg widget realtime pasti tambah bagus.
Ditunggu terus update nya.
If you want to safe your life, then you must install this app.
Hadeuuuuuuh aplikasi ga berguna,.
sangat terupdate infonya..dan akurat.
Jozzzz dah sukses kalian.
teruslah berkembang demi bangsa.
Berguna infonya. Perlu perbaikan. Terus maju..
lumayan baik dan akurat.
semoga nanti ada widgetnya.
Update nya selalu cepat.
bermanfaat untuk ke depan.
Aplikasi bagus untuk dunia.
appaan gak bisa digunain.
Informatif tapi aplikasinya berat.
Mas wawan(Mas rikky, Mas jajan).
karena eror atau cepat eror.
Kok gak update ya tentang gempa??.
Aplikasi nya terlihat jadul. Ga canggih... Design nya jadul ampun dah.
Prakiraan selalu meleset .
Tingkatkan. Ntap jiwa.
It's most usefull information to every one.
lemot bgt, paraah.
Aplikasi yang bagus dan informatif.. Sukses BMKG! .
Tidak radar cucua.
Ga bisa download.
Paten aplikasi nya.
Always update.
Sangat berguna.
Terima kasih BMKG.
Mudah Dan Gratisss.
mantab, n rekomended,.
bisa lebih siaga...
Di coba dulu ya....
Mantab... ngebantu banget kerjaan sy... txs y.....
Lengkap !  untuk 6 Bintang.
Update terakhir Juni 2017???.
Bagus.. Informatif.
Sangat membantu....
bagus bagus ni. bisa dicoba.
You need update the lastest news.
Greaatttt....
Really helped....
Bgsss apps.
Membantu.
Kurang detil.
Gandos.
Bagus sekali.
Sangat Membantu.
Bagussss.
Cukup bermanfaat.
need improvement.
Mantap.
just trying.
Cukup bagus.
No comemt.
Membatu.
Makasi infonya.
I like it.
bagus banget.
sangat berguna.
Simple, useful.
rom.ESP.etc.
GoodApp.
This application is good.
What a cool stuff.
masih nyoba.....
Well..
Aplikasinya manfaat, good.
Kerennnn....
Bagus...
Bagooss....
Excellent apps!.
Nice application.
Bravo BMKG.
This is very usefull.
Love more.
Thankyou.
Great apps.
Good app.
Job.
Great apps.
Grest app.
Mantuul.
Keren.
Gempaaaaaa.
bret.
BMKG.
Goos.
Bagus.
Sip.
Bagus.
ok.
Eng.
Like it.
Bermanfaat.
Mantabbb.
bgus.
Oke.
bagus.
Like it.
Uninstall.
bagusy.
Ok.
Bgu.
Bqx.
Good. Helpful.
.
.
Very accurate.
Good enough.
Thanks.
Nice app.
good app.
Good.
i like it.
So gooood.
Very usefull.
Excellent appli.
Very nice.
GOOD.
Good.
Recommended.
Nice.
Goooooooood.
Good.
Nice.
Good.
.
good.
Excellent.
Nice.
Goooooooood.
Good.
Good.
good.
good.
Good.
good.
Useful....
Useful.
Good.
good.
Helpful.
Good.
Awesome.
good.
nice.
easy.
Nice.
Great.
Good.
Useful.
good
I had this app due to the ridgecrest earthquake that made Vegas shake it like a porn star, very easy to use and very informative, then 5 months ago give or take thirty day's it took a long siesta  and didn't work. I checked it out again last week and it seems to be 150% good to and I hope it will continue to do so until the earth shakes no more.
This app is really great. I tried few others but none is as pleasant and easy to use like this one. I used this app for many years now and is a must have for people living in earthquake zones. For a while recently the app did have some bugs but the developer took care of it in the last update and now all is well again. Great job, great app..
Thank you so very much for getting the app running again.  It's understandable that it was a data source issue. I love Earthquake Alert - there is no better EQ Alert app like the one you have for us!!! Way to go thank you so much for getting the app back on track it helps with knowing what was felt & yes, Right here in San Joaquin Valley this app is a must have. Thanks again!! Cant thank you enough Mr. Clemm.
The best of its kind. Have been using it for years. Due to the recent crashing on Android, I started to look for alternatives, but there is simply no match. Fortunately, the recent update fixed the issue. This is the only software I keep in my phone even when it crashes..
I have been using this app for a while now and have really enjoyed it. It's so easy to use and it's set up in a way that is easy to find information for your area. I was a bit sad when the app stopped working for a while because any time I think I felt something that might be an earthquake, I always jumped on the app to check. I've tried at least 6 or 7 other apps and this one is by far superior to the others..
I absolutely loved this app and had given it five stars. Unfortunately, the app refuses to open even after reinstalling it. I have adjusted my approval rating accordingly. I havr sent a couple of feedback reports over the past few days but nothing has been done yet. I would like to continue using this app and not uninstall it permanently. Please help. App working correctly now. Back to five stars..
The app was great until it stopped working months ago, then an update was made, it crashed upon starting the app. Luckily they fixed it. Now the app no longer have the alerts. Before you could change the alert and now it has absolutely no alerts. I with they fix it so I can return the 5 stars it had..
Updated: Thanks for getting the app updated. I was afraid it was gone forever. Previous comment: Have enjoyed this app but recently it has done nothing but crash. I keep looking for the update to correct this problem but none seen so far..
The app keeps stopping when opening making it unuseable. Probably a good app but hard to know when it stops within 5 seconds of trying to open. I will let you know if i am ever able to open it. I have sent feedback numerous times Seems to make no difference. Update: glitch fixed very pleased with this app..
Was working great but now it won't even load. Other people seem to be able to open the app so someone out there is probably working on the problem. Problem seems to be fixed and app is once again working great..
I used this app constantly and suddenly it quit working. I sent in a report but got no response back. Uninstalling since it no longer works. It seems that the app has been fixed so I reinstalled it. Hopefully it will continue..
The Earthquake Alert! App using since 4~5 years.The Features are Catchy and Informative as per the User and also the sesmic info is been updated in 1Hr with Graphical Maps and Sesmic Magnitude Scale from 1.0 to Max. A Small Message to Developer - Under the section of (Tectonic Summary), the information written with A Header has an error beacuse it shows the actual backend header code in the frontend display of the above mentioned section.One star less rating due to the error. Hope to be helpful..
This is the best earthquake app. After a recent bug caused temporary problems, i tried a few other apps and did not like any as much as this one. So glad you fixed the bug and got your 5 stars back. You need to reply to the others who downgraded it and let them know it is resolved..
Alert actually went off just as I realized it was an earthquake. Cool that it went off though. Was driving and the car started getting all wobbly like the tires were all coming off their axles, started pulling over and the alert sounded. Was a 5.8 almost on top of us. Hopefully next time it will go off a few seconds before. Also cool that I could see details for the quake without having to do an internet search. I will keep this app..
I have tried a ton of different earthquake apps and this one is seriously my favorite. It had a glitch a while back and kept shutting down but has since been fixed and it works great. I HIGHLY recommend this app..
I check once a day, haven't had an issue until recently when the app dumped out just after it became visable. I had to uninstall then reinstall once every week or so. When it works it is a fine app..
I enjoy the info provided. The app is easy to understand and follow. The app was down for a spell. I tried other apps. I deleted those and was thrilled when this app was available again..
***Edit:So glad the bug was fixed. This is the best earthquake app out there. ***Very informative. Let's you know how active things are getting which helps you prepare. Though this is not a early warning app still a great app for earthquake activity..
Works great! Love the settings and read out. 6/3/20 Crashing even after reinstall.  6/7/20 Great work! My family, friends, and I are happy again! Great app. Thank you so much..
Have always liked this app over others and was at a loss when it stopped working for so long. Tried alot of others but just didn't care for them. Good job and welcome back!.
I really wish I could use this app, open it and keep it open yet it keeps crashing before I can even see anything :( update June 19, app is back up and working! Restored stars. I prefer this app. Thank you.
Love this app!  It keeps me updated on what is happening around the world. And it hardly ever crashes....this is amazing compared to other apps that I have had .
Great news, it's been updated! No more crashing. A big round of applause to Josh Clem! What makes this app very useful is the list view with the distance from my location as opposed to a to a city or town I might not be familiar with..
AWESOME APP!!! Up to the minute reporting. You'll know right away when an earthquake happens. Very detailed and easy to navigate and read. Full map view with tabs for detail..
Thank you, Josh, for fixing this app. While it was not working I tried at least a half-dozen other earthquake apps and did not find one that came close to this one for telling me what I wanted to know in a clutter-free format..
Great app that I've used for a few years. As other reviews in the past week or so have indicated, everyone was experiencing the app crashing upon opening but they seemed to have fixed that and it's back to normal..
I love this app. It is best earthquake app out there. Brief problem of app crashing on opening was fixed within two weeks. Thank you!.
The map is my favorite feature, it can be enlarged to see more cities etc., Every thing else is so informative! Thank you!.
I've being using this app, for a while now but it keeps on stopping. So far best earthquake app i've used before. At last seems to be working again...
I'm so glad this app is back, I tried to find one when this was out of action but nothing came close, I just love the simplicity and ease of use, I hope it's here to stay!.
Does what it claims to do. Simple to use and straightforward. Thanks!  5/27/20 app stopped working, crashes, say app has stopped working. 6/20/20 downloads and works again! .
Love this app! Thanks for updating it. Kept crashing as soon as i got into this app, but it works perfectly now :).
I love this app. I got an alert just 2 minutes later but it came through thats all that matters. Thanks!.
Using this app for very long time, stop working for over a week, but again is back and better. Great job fixing the bugs..
Has not worked for the past couple weeks so I uninstalled/ installed a few times and now it works!.. best app by far compared to many others.
Awesome app! Stopped for awhile. Glad I didn't give up on it. Tried several others. Didn't even compare!.
Keeps crashing upon opening. I have been using it for years but recently I have not been able to get on........ FIXED... THANK YOU!!!!.
Thank you very much for fixing the app! It's the best one for looking up earthquakes and has a great interface and filter!.
Very informative. I really like seeing daily where the most recent shakes are happening. Covers the whole world, and locally very quickly!!! Worth getting!.
It's a fairly good application. Basic info with a menu that allows you to go to a USGS site with additional, extensive info.
So glad this app got fixed. This is by far the most user friendly, simplified app. Thanks!!.
Great app! It keeps me up to date on earthquakes without being obtrusive..
Best earthquake app in the store. A pleasure to use. Thanks for fixing the crashing bug!.
Thank you for fixing the crashing problem! When I shopped around for an alternative there really wasn't one as good as this one..
Keeps crushing immediately on startup. Reinstall did not fix the issue. Upd: fixed crashing but now no alerts are coming..
The developer updated the app and it is no longer crashing for me. Which is good because this is the best earthquake app out there..
Used to work great, now it crashes when opened. Ive sent feedback, nothing. Im deleting it. Ok now its fixed yay! 5 stars!.
Living in "earthquake country", this is my go-to earthquake app. The update they did today fixed the recent crashing. All is well again with the app. Thanks.
Best overall ease of use and understand. You set your defaults as you like. Great app no matter what your location is..
Easy to navigate. Not too complicated like many apps. Highly recommend!!.
Beyond excellent. I like the simplicity of it as well as its accuracy. Keep up the good work on this app..
Fascinating, educational, easy to navigate, useful up-to-date info..
OK, back to a 5 star; the crash problem seems to be resolved..
Great app. Just wished it provided notifications like other apps. This why I gave it 4 stars and not 5..
Simple and powerful tool to use. I can also so use it in my math class..
The app has improved and less stopping for no reason isn't happening as much..
Been using this app for years and it's always been very reliable. The recent issue with the instant crashing was fixed very promptly..
Thank you for fixing the crash issue. Back up to 5 stars. This is the best earthquake app!.
Would be much better if the app alerted when an earthquake happened in the region!!!.
Nice interface clean and user friendly. Has been my favorite for years..
Thank you, Josh! Happy to change my review!! Greatly appreciate the app! Do you still have the Earthquake Alerter Add-on app to notify you about earthquakes nearby? I am not finding it..
Update! Yeah! You fixed it!!! Awesomest earthquake app ever!!! And I tried them all!!.
First time I had it was 5 stars until it started giving problems. It would no stay open . Now well see.
So glad it's working again! This is the best earthquake app!.
This app is the best all around Earthquake a and Volcano notifier out there, for sure + news feature tops it off! I would give it 10 Stars!!.
App crashes constantly pro key dosen't work anymore either, good luck trying to get a reply from the developer.. back to 5 stars thanks for fixing app.
Like to be able to set up phone alerts when an earthquake is over a certain size.
I wish it would give immediate info. It doesn't do that. I get almost instant emails through the USGS..
UPDATE: Bug fixed! 5 stars! Was great, then it just stopped working..
It's cool, interesting....every time an ore fish washes up on some beach I check this app for the next few days waiting for the quake that almost always follows ..
Crashes faithfully a second after opening, even after a reinstall..
. it's very good , easy to quickly see activity, and also easy to research concerns.
Used to work, now won't even open. Works now. Misses lots of quakes that other apps have..
Thank you for fixing the app! No more crashes. .
I enjoy the easy use of this app, its so interesting to see active earthquakes all around me..
It keeps crashing and won't open so can't get any info, gave it back 5 since it's working again.
Crashing issue has been resolved. Make sure you update the app. This is a great app..
So happy to see the glitch fixed. My favorite earthquake app.
Interesting data. Site is easy to navigate. AAA+.
Works great! Simple to access and navigate!.
The app has stopped working now every time I open it..
Love. This. App. Latest. Earthquakes. Local. And. Worldwide. Shows. Up. My. Email.. screen. Descreetly. I. Love. To. Monitor. Local. Worldwide. Earthquakes. Location. Magnitude..
Yay!! My favorite earthquake app is back. Thank you!!.
I can always count on the info. I appreciate it. If you have trouble with it try the update. That works for me..
Was crashing but works good now! Great way to learn Geography!.
Best options and interface of all the earthquake apps I've tried..
YES!!!!! It finally updated today and so far so good! Thank you!!!.
AWWSOME app thats for fixing it. Even though I hate earthquakes but I like to know where their at..
Love this app, so informative and easy to use..
This app is great, i love that you can sort & filter.
Very helpful, keeps me in touch with the latest quakes..
This app is great I live in earthquake ally works every time.
Doesn't work anymore.. Xiaomi. It's OK now thx still the best.
Good perfect  I don't know much to say about it this is very helpful and attractive  you should also installed this app right now because you need to be safe .
This is the best app for earthquakes. Its up and running again..
Great app. Happy to see it back working..
I'm so happy this app is back up and running! It's the best. Thanks Josh!.
Wow! What a great set up. Easy to use. Job well done..
It's a great app. I tested other ones and it the best one..
This Earthquake Alert is the most best one you ever can have. I have this Earthquake Alert 2 years from now it works for me 100% and I can really gif this Earthquake Alert 5 star. (*****) THANK YOU VERY MUCH..
So glad this is working again! Thank you!!!!!!.
A must have App It shows results after news channel alert slow ..
Reloading this application, previously kept closing ..
Every one app still standing and working perfect.
Thanks for fixing the crash issue..
Very convenient, quick way to get updates..
Great used several years on 2 different phones.
It's the best layout of all earthquake apps I've had..
Great app now it's fixed. Thanks!.
Easy and fun to check for locals.
By far the best! So glad it's working now :).
Love it. Easy to read and follow .
Got the app to reload, I like this one best for simplicity..
Glad it's fixed use it all the time..
10/10 Best. Fun to zoom in satellite mode..
Family, are always wondering where earthquake hit, good app to have..
There was a 4.7 quake in Kudat, North of Sabah Malaysia this morning... how come its not in the notifications?.
Now seems to be working on android 10. Will update review after some use..
Great app. Thanks for fixing it..
Fixed finally. Thanks, great app..
I like this app i wanted to be a seismology EVER since when i was in 3rd grade and i love this app thank you so much and also this is the best app ever..
Love the real time information!.
Crash bug fixed! :).
Reliable & easy..
Simple to use and understand.
It shows earth quake info..pretty simple.
Good one but it doesn't update immediately..
I love this app! Thank you so much for the update!.
Very informative, complete & acurate.
Updated hope the issue been resolved..
Yay it's fixed!!! 5 stars once again!.
Thank you for listening and quickly fixing the issues.
Best app for earthquake alerts.
It stopped working for about a week.
It's nice to know how large the quake is and the location of it, thanks.
Good information of when and where the earthquakes are..
Great app. Thank you.
All fixed! Thanks for the update!.
It gives me good information up-to-date that's what I like about it.
It's the best and easiest app.
Great app with mapping and filters to show where quakes happen. Update,6-4-20, has stopped working the past few weeks, was my go to for tracking quakes near me, Bodie, Tonopah, Yellowstone at the new house. Uninstalled. 6-7-20 Reloaded app, still stopping (crashing) sure hope it gets resolved, loved this app..
Update may 2020... app is now working again. I do like this app for it's accuracy, simplicity and ease of use.... and probably daily, check out what's happening in the world, as I have family in Italy, Australia and Argentina. Happy to have it working again. Thank you .
I think this app downloads all worldwide earthquake data for the last 7 days and then filters it based on your preferences. Starting 5/28, malformed data may have been introduced into the data stream causing it to crash when it tries to process said data. My guess is that since the malformed data is nearly 7 days old, it'll cycle out and the app will start working normally again. Still, no updates since 2019 doesn't bode well for the future of this app. May stop working again..
Was great, used this app on a daily basis and has always been accurate and reliable, unfortunately it stopped working about 10 days ago, have sent developer emails but no response. Have tried all the usual, clearing logs, uninstalling and reinstalling, and trying to install on different devices but problem persists with same error message regardless. Works in map, news and stats mode, but latest mode which tells you the latest quakes and severity, which is what I need doesnt work..
Keeps shutting off. It only opens for a second then shuts off. This use to be a great app. I've used it for years, but for months now it's the same thing. Never even opens. I tried uninstalling then re installed... But that didn't work. Work out the kinks or take the app discontinue the app! You don't even deserve one star!.
What happened to this app? It was working great and I loved it but recently stopped working. Did Covid-19 kill it? HAHAAA. Please fix it soon Update 5/28. It had started to work great, enjoyed it for awhile since my review. Then yesterday it constantly crashes. It comes up for a second or 2 then crashes. Yes, I Uninstalled it then reinstalled it and it does the same.
6/1/2020 Constantly Crashes. Like others have stated all this app does is crash. I loved this app one of the best ones for Android. I had another Earthquake app, but it seemed they only cater to iOS users, so I was so excited to get another earthquake app that was just as great and even better. Please fix the issue. You'll make a lot of people happy..
Crashing on opening.  I've used this app for many years. I even bought the pro version years ago. I've tried removing and reinstalling. Even tried an older copy I had saved. Still crashing on opening. I've sent a crash report in. But haven't heard anything. If you keep trying to open it it will give you the option to send a crash report in..
Update:. Recently started crashing upon opening. Tried clearing cache, data, uninstalled, reinstalled, verified permissions. Nothing works. Cannot use it any longer. Was nice when it worked. ---------------- really like this app. It lets me keep tabs on the shaking, and when I feel tremors, I can check to see how strong they were..
Like others have mentioned, this app used to be great. However, it no longer works properly. Even with the additional app for filters/notifications, they do not operate properly anymore. The app still obtains information for quakes, but seems to only ever pull that data when I force the app to get it. The app also never sends notifications on any quakes either. Had a series of quakes in our area last night, with the largest being a 6.0+ and never got a single notification from the app for any of the 30+ quakes/aftershocks all night..
I used this app for two years and as of this week, it WILL NOT even open for more than about two seconds. Then it says it's stopped working and closing it or reporting it are the only options. I uninstalled and reinstalled it three times and have the same outcome. Very upset. This is the only earthquake app I liked. I've checked several others and don't like any of them. Please fix the app..
Even without actual alerts, it was a decent app until the past few days. Now it stops every time i open it. And i cast "report feedback" because the app says there's no data connection. Clearly i have a connection, or i wouldn't be writing this right now. And we just had a 5.5 in the LA area..
05/12/2020: Sadly as of this date, thiis appears to no longer function at all. I would love to see this working again (or find another app as good as this one was). Older: Selecting the event from the list should bring up the menu as it did previously. The world map is frustrating and useless, should be selected from the menu. Having now to tap the 3 dots for the menu greatly reduces (one-handed) usability..
This was once a very good app. However it keeps crashing. It will open for a few seconds and then crash. I have reinstalled it multiple times and it does the same. I have cleared its cache and its data files and nothing works. Uninstalling for now until you guys can fix the issue. Very disappointed!.
This app was working great for me. I loved it, but it recently stopped working. I would open up the app and it would stop working every time. I uninstalled and installed it again but it still won't work. Please get it to working again. Can you at least give us an update of what's going on or a time frame of when it might be fixed or not? Thanks!.
I used this app and the companion app and loved it!! Was very useful. Now, every time I try to open it, it immediately crashes. My phone did some recent updates; that may be why. I hope the developer is paying attention and working on an update!!.
Even though this app isn't made for in the moment earthquake alert it is still an amazing useful app because of its accuracy, helps keep track of patterns in a place with constant earthquakes. Like in Puerto Rico we recently started experiencing earthquakes since about the begging of this year (2020) we have had over 3,000 earthquakes and some strong enough to knock down buildings. It's some scary stuff, so this app helps keep track with accurate info to be more aware in case to prevent injuries.
Unable to open app. Have a Note 9 with the latest updates and OS. Crashes as soon as it opens. Tried uninstalling, rebooting, reinstalling. No change. Same thing again. Used to work. Not anymore. Was a nice app for the short time it used to work..
Amazing it's working again I love this app.
What happened? I've had this app for years with no problems and now it doesn't work and no response with help? This app continues to crash and I still have not had a response from the developer. I pray nothing happened to them. Does anyone have a suggestion for a similar replacement app? This app is not usable..
It ccrashes 97% of the time.
I gave this app 5 stars last year after found it due to the Ridgecrest, CA sequence. It was absolutely AWESOME. I loved the intensity reported especially. Not all earthquakes 'feel' to humans as the Richter scale reads. Now, the app keeps closing shotgun seconds of opening. NOT HAPPY...:-(.
Worked fine before. Recently I can't even get it to open without crashing and force-closing. I've sent in several system log reports about this issue over the past week. Hopefully it gets fixed soon or I'll have to look for a replacement app.
As everyone is stating, something happened to this app, either the guy is no longer with us, or walked away from his app development. Dont waist your time installing, it will not function or barely even open up. Sad too, because it was the best Earthquake app I've found for easy personalization. :(.
Love the app and info it provides but over past few days it will instantly close when opened. I came here to see if there was an update but I seem to have the latest version. Not sure why it's doing this when it worked so well for such a long time..
It keeps crashing. I've used the app for several years without any issues, now as others are commenting it keeps crashing. There are plenty of earthquakes apps in the Play Store, looks like I'll be installing a different one..
I've used this app for years and it's been awesome. Today and yesterday we've had earthquakes in my area and now all the app does is crash as soon as it's open. I've uninstalled and installed and it still crashes. FIX IT!.
Up to date and accurate.
I'm using this app joyfully on a daily basis.... But the app suddenly stopped without any reason... I sent feedbacks to Google... And uninstall the app, and reinstall the app.... And it still kept stopped... I don't know what's going on ... Please send me instructions. Thanks.
I've used this for years. Works well for me in Hawaii but now has quit working at all. Ok. Back online. This is the best earthquake app when it is on.
Was great. But it appears the developer is no longer supporting it and has died. It no longer works and no updates have been put out in over a year. You would think he would at least sell it to someone else so it could continue being the app it used to be..
It worked great until recently, now it just keeps crashing. I hope the staff become aware of the problem and fixes it. We just had a number of quakes around Ridgecrest again. So hopefully it gets fixed SOON!.
Used to be a great app that I could trust but now I find that the notification system, probably the most important portion of it, no longer works. Since now moving to a more active area I need an app I can trust. I hope they are able to resolve the issues..
UPDATE: 10 DAYS CRASHING I like this app and use it alot. But the past 3 days, it won't open? It crashes. Everytime I open it. On both of my devices, so it's the app.. I've reported this several times..
For the past few days whenever I sign into app,it closes within seconds. Tried uninstalling and reinstalling but it didn't work. App was great when it worked. I'll give it a couple of days to see if it gets fixed.
This app has continuously stopped working for the past 4 days. I have reported it and also tried reloading. NOT working. Very disappointed as I have used it for over 8 years. Uninstalled and will look for another app that is cared for!!!.
Up until a few months ago, this has been a fantastic app. Now, it won't start. Every time I start it, it quits. I sent an app report with all the pertinent system info, but dang, extremely disappointing at this time..
I like what it shows, how it's set up, & has change options at the bottom. However this app keeps stopping at open and is no longer usable for me..
A FIVE STAR up until it stated crashing.. Was excellent until a few days ago. Keeps crashing upon loading. I have tried to uninstall and install several times, but still doing it. Please fix and will then raise to 5  again.
I loved this app but it has stopped working. It keeps closing. I hope it gets fixed.UPDATE....Thank you for fixing this app...It is my favorite and I couldn't find another one like it....thanks again.
It doesn't work it keeps crashing, that's to bad it was one of the best but some body is not doing a good job keeping this app running the way it was, I'm not recommending this app any more!!.
This app used to work perfectly, but now it continuously is timing out. It'll flash the screen and then it immediately shuts down. What's going on? Is there an updated version?.
App crashes on start up. I had not updated for quite some time and it worked fine. Not sure about the alerts though. Updated to latest and app is completely unusable..
This is a very good app. I see it is HQ ed in La Mesa near where the damage was done. It went dead about the same time. I hope that the damage to Klem 's office is not severe..
I gave it 2 stars because it used to work great. Unfortunately, it has stopped working and closes immediately after opening it. I tried uninstalling and then reinstalling it but still continued to close..
App is crashing in latest update. Otherwise been using this app for over 2 years now flawlessly and has got awesome UI and best results and maps data exactly !!! Plz fix the latest app crash bug ,it keeps crashing again n again multiple times, making it unable to open now.
I had been using this app for over a year but suddenly it has started crashing every time i try to start the app, cant even contact app support, tried uninstalling and reinstalling a couple times but still wont run any more.....
Was working great but suddenly stopped working. I uninstalled and reinstalled and still doesn't work. Oh well will find another. Was a good app while it lasted..
You have a glitch. App crashes as soon as it's opened. I've tried uninstalling and reinstalling and it still doesn't work. Report sent to your developers twice..
App started quitting as soon as it was turned on. As a result, it was swiftly draining the battery. When it did work, lately, it was not functioning properly. Used to be great. Had to uninstall it..
Used to be great, but as many others mentioned, began crashing on opening. Of no use anymore. Last update seems to have been January 2019. Maybe latest Android update effected it?.
Does the job. Clear & precise compared many to one available for iPad but not on Android. This comes closest plus alerts. No clutter easy to see events well designed. Works all the time for me..
It's quite accurate!.
I live in southern California and look at the app once or twice a day. For the last two days, though, it is crashing on me. There's no update to do, and it's never done this before. It closes before I get the chance to send feedback. I'd like it to be fixed please..
Unfortunately in Android 10 it prompts a floating dialog to rate the app but immediately crash, closing the app, not permitting press the button to choose answering when to rate the app, If right now, never or remain later..
I loved this app, but it is shutting down and not working. I've used this app in the past with no problem. I hope this glitch is fixed soon. I will give 5 stars when it starts working again..
Excellent app that I reinstalled recently on my phone. (When I got a new phone(before getting new) I uninstalled all extra apps to keep transfer time down. Only I should have kept this one on, cause I love the set up of info and news it gives. So detailed, in giving an exact earthquake picture location and aftershocks. sizes and any tremors possibly felt to wherever?! or other related news. Use it every day. I had the app on my notebook too. Hubby got stingier with it so I reinstalled..
Had it for years and it was great. But now it no longer works on Android. Suspect recent and incompatible updates occurred on app and/or Android. Uninstalled and reinstalled several times with no effect..
The app crashes within seconds of opening. Apparently this is a fairly new phenomenon that is being experienced by many others. We all need to know if an update is eminent..
I liked this app alot but keeps freezing up. Was forced to use another but not as good as this one used to be..
Good app to get updates within few mins of the event. I really liked this app but it no longer works. I uninstalled the reinstalled it will not open. Hope you get it fixed. Thanks.
I like that it has miles/km choice. Maps,links to articles and that you can set what you see as in magnitude. I set that at 4.0 and up to avoid clutter..
It crashes every time it's launched. Was OK for few days but since last week, just stays for about 5 seconds and closes automatically..
Started out great but the last 2 days it shuts down immediately after opening. I've uninstalled and reinstalled it already and it's doing it again..
AWFUL! This app worked great for a while. Now It wont stay open for longer than 2 seconds and then it just closes!! I dont know what you did but whatever it was you need to UNDO IT!!!!.
What changed? This was a great app but now it crashes when you try to open it. Changing my review from a 5 star to a 2 star. If you get it fixed I'll change it back..
Just like other users, loved this app but it stopped working yesterday. It was staying up to date with the Idaho quakes (my son is in Boise so I'm trying to stay up to date) and then after 18 aftershocks, data disappeared. The last quake showing is 7:29 MDT on March 31. Hope it gets fixed... Other apps are too cluttered!.
App was working great until the last software update on my galaxy 9 note. Now, the app won't even open... crashes immediately. I tried uninstalling and reinstalling... nothing works. Please help!.
As noted by several other users, this app has apparently died. It remains to be seen whether or not Josh Clemm is interested in bringing it back. Update 5/29/20: It crashed again..
Uninstall and reinstall if you recently lost connectivity with this app. I just did and it worked. A very useful EQ resource! Easy to use..
Never had a problem with this app until three days ago. The app stopped working, I uninstalled it, then reinstalled, still not working..
Pretty quick to put up info. I like the maps and enjoy the stats page too. All around good app and a must have when you live in earthquake country..
5-30-20 Have used for yrs. Addicted to Geology & earthquakes, I open this before weather. Best app out there, immediately updates, worldwide. Many options. Good app. I've looked at most of the other apps, hands down this is #1.
I loved this app, it's was very quick on giving me the information needed! But now it crashes every time I open it. So sad!.
I have used this app for years and it's been great, but lately either it won't open at all or it closes after a couple of seconds. I hope it gets fixed soon..
In general is an excellent tool to monitor event that affect the region and the world as well. It also has good information location, depth and it shows in a map. The only detail that understand shall be improve is that takes a lot of time to be posted in the system..
Alerts seemed to have stopped working. Otherwise I like the app. Edit. The app appears to now be broken. It keeps crashing..
Love the timely and thorough info it provides. Only trouble I've had - after a couple months it quits working and I have to reinstall it. That's happened twice..
Poor date range... looks like made up info.. cartoons.. CGI.. not real.. words & Stories covering Real map & info & visual clue as to real man made earthquakes.. like 1000s in one location.. starting & stopping multiple earthquakes in areas Never having earthquake before.. should be easy to see patterns.. hiding info..
Was a great app. It stoped working and I tryed to reinstall and that sid not fix this app. Will the makes please make it better please. I liked that you could report feeling the quake..
App keeps stopping when I tried open. Keep sending feedback for days and still not fixed.  Love this app please fix..
Used to be a great app. Now it fails on startup on both my Sansung Galaxy S7 Edge, and my samsung Tab 8 tablet. Too bad. It was a useful app here in earthquake country..
App used to be great, all of the sudden, it won't work at all. Please send psych/new version that has been debugged..
This was one of my favorite apps. It no longer opens. There was an earthquake today and I was sad to not be able to see the info. Sad to see this app dead. What happened? :-(.
Great app is now fixed .
I have used this app often, sometimes daily. But as of today, it crashes every time I try to open it. An app that doesn't open is kind of useless..
crashing when it is launched... worked fine a couple days ago. would report but creepy google stuff came up. uninstall reinstall didn't work. getting different app..
I used to like this app and never had any problems. Now I can't even get on it it keeps just knocking me off constantly. And this has been going on for days now. What the hell's going on?.
I have had this app for years and recently it just crashes within seconds when it opens. Not even usuable anymore. Very disappointed! Going to uninstall..
Have had this app for quite awhile, has always been great. Lately it doesn't open. It crashes. Have uninstalled and installed again.. doesn't work????.
Glitchy app, doesnt show any earthquakes in alberta as we had a 4.0 80 km from my location, crashes constantly and little support from the developer.
This used to be my favorite earthquake app. A few weeks ago it started to not work right and now it doesn't work at all. It also stopped working on my husband and sons phones..
App keeps crashing every time I open it. Can't get into the app. Useless! It used to be good. What's the point of having an earthquake app if ain't going to work..
Great app. It lets you know 3 minutes after an earthquake happens in your location. I recommend this app to everyone..
Was working just fine for the past several months. Now it crashes constantly. Please fix this application..
App keeps force closing within a second of opening now. Not nice having information sources that you have to subscribe with payment to when trying to read info on locations and stories..
Not sure what's going on but the app won't open. I tried to update the app, removed and reinstalled the app, refreshed my phone and it still doesn't work.
Giving it 1 star (for right now). Used it for quiet some time, but it started yesterday not wanting to stay open. Uninstalled app & reinstalled app to no avail. It's a great app though when it loads..
What happened to this app? Been my go to for the last 2 years and now it just crashes the minute you try to open it. Please fix this app is the best by far!!.
Have Galaxy S10+ and every since the May 20, 2020 Android update the app keep closing right at startup. Hope there wiki be updated to the app. I think it's the best earthquake app available..
App worked perfectly until I updated now it just opens and then says app was forced to close. Tried unistalling and re installing multiple times no success..
The devs aren't even available... they leave a generic response and the response is worded horribly..... don't waste your time... they claim to need access to my sd card... when you deny access, you can't play the game... TOTAL SCAM.
Used to love this app, but then it stopped working. Uninstalled it and tried to reinstall and now can't even get it to do that. I'm moving on!.
Sometime this app doesn't works when you downloaded. I like this app when it does work. Please fix it! It doesn't alert me any earthquake..
it has been five days now your app doesn't work what is wrong with you come on get this thing working come on people depend on you. All it does is you click on this app and closes again what is wrong with app can't you fix it .
This app it's ok, but (big one) it doesn't have notification sound, it shows one on the side that you have to download adding to this one(but) it is Not working. Others upps like this one they have the notification in there, and those don't try to push you to get another one paying for what do you need.
Simple app which does a great job showing how intense, where and when there were earthquakes around planet earth. Thanks to the deveopers..
Have loved this app and use it daily. Unfortunately, it has stopped working. I truly hope it is fixed soon..
This app used to work wonderfully. However in the last two weeks it consistently crashes upon opening... It is no longer a stable app..
This is good for a brief overview of quakes around the world, and that's about it. This all always leaves out the majority of them. It's more of a novelty item, rather than an app for serious watchers. Free is free, I suppose, but there other free apps that do a better job..
This last year I can go on app and see the alerts but not getting any, I have set 3.0 and 1000 miles. And still nothing. The news is getting me the info then I look at app. I have messaged about this..
App no longer works. Keeps closing and now won't open. No updates in a long time! Not worth it..
This app has been very useful for years. Now, it closes as soon as you open it. Other stated and it is working now. Not on my phone..
Best earthquake app I've found. Having been using it for years. Went down for about a week but is now back up & running well..
Awesome app, keeps you in the loop for earthquakes and their effects, very effective I find, and good to keep handy :).
This app was a great app and now it is noy working. If not updated soon, going to find a working app and delete this one. Wish it starts to work again..
Use this app daily and have done for a long time now but today it is not loading properly, it boots you out as soon as you enter it?????? .
It does not work anymore. It was great! So I don't know what happened. My 5 star went to a 1 star. .
Long story short, notifications stopped. Tried everything I could think of to restore them to no avail. Others have had the same issue. Tried contacting developer so far no response. **update 11-10-19....still no response from developer**.
Has a lot of info and very timely and accurate. Living in earthquake zone, I really appreciate it..
Great app I love how many features this radar app has. If you have issues with it being glitchey and not loading correctly, simple clear the app cache from the settings..
Worked great for years. Now continues to close everytime it is opened. Hopes this gets fixed so I can use again..
Constant crashing As everyone else is saying. Worked great, but not anymore..
I loved this app. It was working until it stopped. It keeps stopping all the time every time I open up this app. Did it stop working?.
It was working great then it stopped. Just keeps crashing when i open it. I down loaded 2 anothers and didnt like them. please fix this..
This app was great! I've had it installed for a very long time and for whatever reason it has stopped working? I had to delete the app..
I have used this app for years, now it's not working. So frustrating since it has been the best app out there for so long. Please Fix It!.
It was working great but as of today it crashes all the time. You need to fix it RUSH.
It used to work but now whenever I open it it immediately force closes. I've cleared data cache and reinstalled and installed on other devices with same result.
It was a great app to track earthquakes, but now like ever since last friday the app had been crashing. Please fix this :(.
Used this app for over 15 years it has been 5 stale all that time About a week ago it totally crapped out and drops you instantly. I hope Josh fixed it soon. I'm a big earthquakes junkie.
I'm having the same issues of the app crashing, even after uninstalling and reinstalling. Please advise!!.
It just started to crash everytime I open it. I loved this app and now it doesnt want to work!!!.
clear concise reports but of s limited scope when i compare with an app used previously but no confusion or disturbinng the system and provides a good ecplicit level of disturbances worlwide and nearest to personnal location.
No longer functional. I hope it is fixed soon because this was my favorite earthquake app..
Stopped working??paid for pro version now i have nothing hopefully it comes back online..otherwise look elsewhere.wasted my money.paid version never worked here either!!.
Like everyone else...... I loved it. Now it won't open. All the other apps suck. Now I hate my life. The End Earthquakes by kb, is the most similar I could find..
Awkward, It Shows Last Update As Jan, 2019. But, My device Says Updated 22 Hours Ago(Which Would Be Feb, 2020). Anyways, I Love This App, It Is Very Simple To Use & Navigate, Pretty Accurate!! This App Is The Only One I Have Ever Liked. Since, We Started Getting Earthquakes In Oklahoma!!.
Awesome app. Very informative. Love having it available to check when earthquakes are happening..
Won't stop crashing. Been using this app for years and suddenly, it doesn't work..
Keeps crashing. It has been a great app for years. Sadly, can't even open it now..
Very useful in keeping track of the quakes and aftershocks we've been experiencing. Also extremely interesting to view earthquake activity around the world. Thanks for this great app!.
Was good until the other day. Now it won't open. It just keeps crashing while trying to load..
Was great...now stopped working. I've uninstalled and reinstalled, bug still will not open..
I've used this app for years but now it constantly crashes. Uninstalled, reinstalled and it still happens..
Used to be great. Something happened to where this app instantly crashes as it opens on all devices I own..
No longer working. It was wonderful and then suddenly it will not open and keeps shutting itself down..
Very. Nice map lay out on. The where about the quake is. And how many. On the map..
This app was amazing. Now, it doesn't open. It crashes. Every time. Now never works..
At one time a great resource. Notification no longer works. Developer doesn't respond. Almost useless now. Upgraded to note 10+ and app still doesn't notify. Still no response from developer..
I own the paid version. But in the last few months the alert no longer works. Some settings no longer works. It appears that this app has not been updated in a year. Google play should pull this out of the store..
Awesome. It is amazing app. Great to see how many quakes there are in one day..
Why this nice App has been suddenly stopped?!! Other Earthquake Apps are not user friendly and are very cumbersome. Please restore this App ASAP..
After last update it refuses to load. Have reinstalled twice no effect. Also review log is skewed. All there is is 1 star reviews now..
I love this app. But now to get news. They want you to pay for a times subscription. That just why I'm giving 2 stars. News is free on the web. Why would I pay for something that is free. Thinking about deleting the app if this doesn't change. Your not the only earthquake app. Your were the best not anymore..
Great to be able to see almost right away if what you felt was really an earthquake. Thanks.
Giving one star because it DOES NOT give notification for earthquake even five minutes before. There is no point in having an app and read database after earthquake is over..
It was great, but now it closes immediately on opening. So it is obviously useless..
Keeps crashing!!!! Worked great! have it on all devices... Just had earthquake can't find out where .
Awesome app! It updates about 5 minutes after an earthquake and the information is uploaded via USGS and other sources. Takes the guessing out of where the quakes originated from. Great work!.
Fantastic app, kept up with recent earthquake events in my area. Source for reliable data, and almost real time information. Available filters are very helpful to narrow down the info or see earthquake activity the world over..
Good, but doesn't work with new Android update. Had to uninstall until it stops crashing upon opening..
The app went from 5+ to less than 1. Please fix it. Every other app fails in comparison..
It is not working as we open the app it instantly closed. I think the developer died in coronavirus. RIP..
I love this app! Here in Central California there's always a potential earthquake risk every day..
Using the app and finding info is very simple when the app actually works. Notification doesn't work at all. Stats info is having problems refreshing. I emailed tech support but no reply..
Events seems as if they could be reported sooner as compared to other apps. Otherwise, this is a terrific app tool.
Just like everyone else said, it literally crashes every single time you open it..
Has alwsys been a good app, but for some reason started stopping and crashing, how ever now it is working again hope it last if it does it is a very good app, tks.
App keeps closing upon opening, something is wrong with application as it used to work perfectly..
This app used to be great! Now all it does is crash, you cant even open it..
I love it, my favorite app but please fix! It crashes every second now for some reason...
Used to be super amazing but now it just crashes and crashes...won't even open..
Worked okay at first but now it won't stay open and I've tried uninstalling and reinstalling it..
For an earthquake app that DOESNT work when there's an actual earthquake, all it does it crash. How ridiculous..
Worked great for a long time, now instantly crashes. Broken app..
Good app. It would be better if it had past data to compare from year to year..
6/2/2020, what happen to this app? It worked great ip til a 2 weeks ago and now it crashed ..
Crash and closes constantly. Previously was reliable and efficient..
great app but expect delays with big quakes near urban centers LA usgs cant keep up As of 6/1/20 app blows up and no support in sight. Sad...
Way better than the official websites on earthquakes. Some are so primitive it's hard to make any sense of. Great visuals, settings are ok. I would like to see longer search engines and more magnitute incraments 1.0, 1.5, 2.0, 2.5 ect.. along with different colors of each level. blue being a 1.0 and moving towards deap red or white for magnitude 7.0 and higher..
Takes too long to report a quake, also, it does not ALERT, so change the name of the app, I'm only using it as reference, I have installed another one..
Very accurate in my experience. I felt two temblors in final weeks of 2019. One was 4.3 R. and only a slight motion at my location some 200 miles Northeast of Submarinal Eppy. This application, Earthquake Alert, posted info within 10 minutes of my home shake. Second event was similar and accurate. Keep up the great scrutiny and don't let Juan De Fuca catch us with our pants down! Thanks and God Bless..
Is this app done? Do we have to find a new one? It hasn't worked for weeks. I enjoyed it, I hope it can be fixed but right now they're no reason to keep it..
Cannot open. App crashes now every time. Reinstalled with same issue. Used to work great.
Was the best quake app. It no longer works. I keep reinstalling like they say to no avail..
The map and filters are great. I get NO notifications. Had the PRO version. Have tried uninstalling, reinstalling and even the free version, with no luck. It used to work great. Have contacted the developer, waiting to hear back. So good for viewing and news.. Very bad for notifications UPDATE: emailed the developer July 4, 2019. Have had no reply. Still do not get alerts. Disappointing as the Kansas earthquake situation is interesting..
Love it! Been using this for years! I just wish the Alerter Add-On was free like it used to be.  I live in California very close to the San Andreas fault. The alerts are EXTREMELY important for my family and I. I also would like for all of the quakes to be on the map through the quake info. I gave it 3 stars because those 2 things changed. You'll get 5 if you bring back the add-on for free and the map issue..
I like this app! We live in CA, and so far, it has been very accurate. The recent earthquake preliminary magnitudes stated on TV ended up being wrong, but this app was correct, right from the beginning. The only thing I would like, is some sort of notification of there's an earthquake within a certain mileage of us, otherwise lots of useful info here..
It's informative and easy to understand. Not the quickest at alerting with new aftershocks and such but the tabs and articles have helped me learn a lot..
Like everyone else is saying keeps crashing when I open the app. Please fix!!.
I installed this app after living through the 2015 Nepal earthquake. I find it to be extremely helpful and informative, and particularly like the seismic activity world map. It also has a link for recent earthquake related news articles, and you can set customized alerts for new activity. I consider it a first class app. Thank you for making it available to us!.
this app is weird. it'll alert you one or two times, then for some reason it'll just quit sending alerts all together. There is delay of up to 15 minutes between occurrence and notification. Even still, what's the point of having the app, if it fails to notify you at all? Point is, I've noticed, you have to uninstall it and then reinstall it quite often for it to work..
I have had this app for many years, I live in California and this to me is the best one there is, there is a add on to this app as an enhancement that can send out an audible signal alert to your settings as per your settings as to how many miles and magnitude, but I'm not finding this addons in the app store and I am no longer able to connect to its server, I wanted to upgrade to the paid version but I guess it is no longer offered also, that's a shame this is a really good and accurate app..
Was a great app to use until recently. It will no longer open. Please fix it Josh!.
This app used to be great, but now it won't work at all. It keeps closing..
Same issue, keeps crashing. Also uninstalled and reinstalled and still crashing..
Looks well developed and well designed. But I can't even start the app. Need to fix.
I love this app... But now it keeps closing itself and stop responding. Did it cath the COVID19?? Help or i will have to uninstall it...ugh.
I started to like this one. It used to give me the information quickly, but now it takes minutes to reflect the magnitude when we feel one..
Its up to date fast.....but miss the immediate alert by cel phones. For immediate alert I have another app. That other app is slow on getting official details. Both do the job.
Not enough information, also can't delete all alerts to save battery on phone, they just keep popping up..
Love this app!.. keeps you informed on all the earthquakes happening -within minutes- around the world..
It used to work great, now it crashes everytime I try to use it. Whats wrong with it?.
The app worked great then it just stopped working. Tried to uninstall and reinstall it still doesn't work..
I used to love this app but it keeps shutting down now. Disappointed. Going to uninstall and find a different one. Maybe will try this one later..
Doesn't show all events.
It was a decent app. It was slower than other apps to respond and still make you pay for the pro version in order to get notifications. I uninstalled it.
App keeps crashing! Won't open! Your last update messed it up!.
It used to lock my settings and be more accurate but has since slowed considerably. I've reviewed all the settings and reset them 4 or 5 times and to no avail. I need it, in the wake of recent California events, not ONCE has it functioned- no warnings, the distance is off and goes off satellite setting. Please advise. As of November 2019, I have yet to receive notifications..
Works smoothly and gives just the right amount of info for my needs (engineer). The only thing lacking is a scale of miles or km on the map..
Installed in the morning and had great results. Afternoon already bang on ! Pun intended. Hope it continues to function as good for the long term..
Since Puerto Rico had no experienced earthquake in modern times, meaning our generation, this app has been a blessing! I can be informed at all times. :-).
I've notified the app several times that it keeps shutting down I hear nothing back from them and basically the app is completely worthless at this point.
Been using for some time but last 2 days when i open it crashes. I even uninstalled and reinstalled.
Best earthquake map. Wish there were more options like regional timplapse, slide for period of time. And additional feed for small earthquakes south of US, especially in Baja CA. If it costs extra, charge extra. Still the best app for earthquakes found to date. I've told dozens of people to download this app and always positive response..
We've had a number of larger earthquakes in California lately, so I downloaded Earthquake Alert! and I'm enjoying it. Sometimes I can't tell if I'm imagining a quake or if it's really happening, so it's nice to be able to open this app and quickly see what is going on. I set it to show only quakes near me at 3.0 or above. Otherwise it will be information overload with activity all over the world. I've recommended this app to friends and coworkers and they like it too!.
It kept crashing now, making me feel unaware until an earthquake was said on the news at night..
The app just stopped work, Whiskey Tango Foxtrot! It was an awesome app but now it went off line..
App was working fine now just crashes when opened. Maybe it is incompatible now with a recent Android update?.
Great app, but still not working today 6/1/2020 on Android...what happened?.
I loved your app but now it won't work unless I add some Google data service..
Used this app forever, living in SoCal it's almost a must. App insta crashes now. Reinstall did not help. Fix please!.
I have used this app for a long time and now it won't even load. It stops before it even starts!!.
I like the app a lot and have used it for years, but lately it hasn't been notifying me of earthquakes in a timely manner. Often the notifications don't even come at all, despite the fact that I have requested those notifications. so I can lo longer give this app 5 stars as I would have in the past..
Awesome app. been using it for a while now! id give it 1000 stars if there was a way for you to send out instant alerts (sms) to people within the specific area of the earthquake or maybe even how to prepare for it and the do's and dont's for those that have no clue or have never been in an earthquake. IDK.Maybe make an app or something like that for a small fee like monthly payments a Single year payment or even a one time fee .THIS should cover some costs of making the app and maintenance.
I use this app all the time. Always user friendly. Always informative. It's actually one of those "apps" that just plain works..
Great user interface and ideal sort functions, references and settings. Only let down by not providing data worldwide unless over +4.5. Otherwise best app available..
It worked fine but now it doesn't open at all. It just keeps closing..
Was great now crashes after a few seconds. Please fix..
The app keeps closing, no matter how often it is updated, Galaxy S7 Edge.
Looooved this app and now it just won't work. Fix it please!!! How else will I out myself in a start of fear without checking earthquakes near by? Iol.
Downgrading from 5 to 2 stars. Crashes on launch. Android Samsung Galaxy S7..
I DO NOT RECOMMEND YOU SEND MONEY ON THIS APP!!! Used to love this app. since the latest version of Android and my pixel 3xl it will no longer connect or send alerts. I have paid for the pro version and have sent several emails with screen shots to help resolve the issue on multiple occasions with no response. If it is fixed i will update this review..
App WAS the best...but now (crashes all the time)...advised developer, but no response...deleted this app.
App used to work great till today. Crashes constantly on startup..
Used to be great. Now closes within one second of opening..
This app provides real time earthquake information worldwide in varying formats. The map feature works very well and zooming in provides great detail. Positioning the map for a particular global view works very well. The news tab provides earthquake specific information so one does not have to search through news sites..
Its great, updates pretty quickly, lets me limit by geographical proximity etc. Puerto Rico has been having 8 to 20 tremors PER DAY since December 2019 so knowing for sure when and how strong is important to me..
Is not working for me anymore! I send a email and don't receive any response.
I love this app but I having some problem I couldn't open this app when I click on that app and when app's home screen come it's suddenly close plz fixe it.
bought the paid version add on for this app and have NOT recieved even 1 alert, we just had another quake in my area this morning, no notifications!!! i have it set up to alert me with sound,vibrate and light! fifth quake with no alerts, dont waste your money, does not notify you at all! just keep the free version and keep checking it every day..
ok so this app accidentally got deleted off my phone so I reinstalled it but couldn't find the add on alerter app nor could I understand why I'm not being alerted to earthquakes anymore wherever they may be, until I read a couple of reviews stating the add on alerter does not now come with this app and you have to pay for it. why? everything worked so well before, I even recommended it to a few people who thought it was great so why change things so drastically??.
the updates take about a minute or two and the info and location seems to coincide with others magnitude and epicenter. tools allow to ignore lower tremors and within a perimeter. with all the shack going on currently (July 2019), I've been keeping up to date with this app. been using this app for a couple years now. it does not disappoint.
Love it. It shows earthquakes and aftershocks just like I wanted. I can see my area and then see the whole world..
The app will not run now, after years of use now will not run.
Was great, now useless. It crashes upon opening every time..
The app and add on were great, then after a while the app just stopped completely working. I would find out from others and then go into the app to find out what it was. The app needs to be worked on and can't recommend it till it's fixed, and the programmer doesn't seem bothered to fix and update the app in the mean time..
This was good Info because after so many earth quake after shocks you start thinking was that a after shock or my imagination. This is normal after a earth quake. So I could look to see if it was real or not.
We had a 4.2 earthquake 1 1/2 hours ago and still no notification or alert. Horrible app.
Continues to close upon opening. Always have to uninstall then reinstall..
Keeps stopping and not working. Reset phone and unistalled twice and still wont work..
Used to be the best app of its kind. Now it only crashes when you open it..
It was working great, but now it won't open at all. I hope they fix this glitch.
Instant force close recently. Is it possible to use now I don't know what happened I used to work fine..
This app is great! I shared it with all my loved ones after today's 400+ earthquakes in our state. You can change the settings to show different magnitudes, clustered/uncluttered, 24/48 hrs. It's easy to navigate and the UI is clean and fast. Good job, developers and designers. :).
Wish that it was able to send and alarm for one's that we can feel. And when a 4+ and above hits. I can careless about the small trimmers..
Its very accurate and helps with the earthquakes going on in my area!.
App keeps crashing every time I try to access. Deleting and trying another app..
The app started crashing, just when I needed information..
I loved the app but now constantly crashes. Please fix or I'm uninstalling it immediately!.
In Puerto Rico at the moment , we're experiencing massive amounts of activity and this application is reporting none. Tried to contact developer and got no reply, it is a fraud and will complete the google report soon. Worth nothing.
User friendly, very easy to understand. Not too busy with different colors. The information is straight to the point. Love this app..
I can see the action along active fault zones, and in any place in the world. The data is accurate and current. News about events is readily available. Well done..
Easy to use. Updates frequently and accurately..
Used to be a great app, 5 star worthy, now just crashes....
The app was almost perfect. It should give a notification that an earthquake happened. A warning..
Provides data within 30 minutes depending on strength, location, and damage. I'm thoroughly enjoying using this app..
This has all the customizable features I was looking for. Easy to use, clean format, perfect..
It has a longer than usual delay in reporting. Also, the reporting of where the epicenters are is confusing..
This app used to be great but now it's not working. Please fix!!!.
good app. keeps you as up to date as possible on the latest events. mother nature IS unpredictable dont expect this app to do you any favors. great for keep track of events. I'm happy with using this app as my go to source for seismic activity. I like the map and stats tabs, good overview of all recorded events at a glance..
Does not alert or notify,& will not upgrade.i had the app over a year ago & everything worked great...but as ive found with most apps i enjoyed,they no longer work properly as they did in the beginning! i've said it before & i'll say it again...If it aint broke quit trying to fix it. If its notworking in a couple days i'll simply uninstall it. Bummer Guys.
Excellent app, keeps me up to date with what's going on in (under) Puerto Rico. Easy to use, easy access to news and maps..
The app is good. Just need to be more accurate and on point. Faster up to date news..
Quakingly good app. I feel the earth move under my feet every time I open it..
I really liked this app and I used it every day. Unfortunately it no longer works..
After the last update the app won't work it automatically closes!.
Great app. I have this app for several years. It is very quick to display accurate earthquake information with Google map. this is much better app than many other apps that I have tried. I just wish it has an early warning system..
Accurate info on earthquakes. News articles. Add on allows you to tailor alerts to geographical locations! Great app!.
DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME WITH THIS APP. I'm in Puerto Rico and I feel the earthquakes and nothing over 4.0 is being reported. I have doubled and triple checked the settings and nothing. Contacted support and no response..
I really like the app as well but now it stops after loading..
It was working fine now it stopped working keeps closing every time I try to open the app.
it's more like a 3.5 or 4 star app. it takes a bit to refresh and I dont get alerts when theres an aftershock. I have to open up the app, refresh and then it shows the latest activity. As far as detail and accuracy, it's great.
Accurate Reporting of earthquake occurances, customization of events, satellite imagery that shows subsequent earthquakes and aftershocks, with choice of professional sources that permits personal research, and news of earthquake events from around the world. I do, however, miss the additional notification add-on..
App was great and now keeps shutting down. It won't open.
Great app to keep ourselves informed. Since the 6.6 earthquake hit our island Puerto Rico, every now and then I check the app for info..
Loved the app till recently, not updating on recent earthquakes. Gives an error that it can't get info..
I purchased the pro Alerter app. Notifications don't work, saying that my device is not registered. I emailed the developer several times to ask for help with a solution. No answer... Please get back to me and I will definitely raise my review. Except for that, the app is great..
Living in Central California this is an extremely helpful & educational App. We feel the tremors from both northern, southern, & northeast areas, so it's great & easy to check exactly what's going on around us & the world too. Great stats & map page plus personalization. Has been 100 %.
I love this app it let me know where the earth quack was centered at and how the strong the after shocks were, and exactly how far from me that there center of it was.
Was working fine and now today it crashes every time trying to open.
App keeps stopping. Tried uninstalling and reinstalling but it doesn't work..
love the app. but recently it crashed why??? PLEASE FIX IT. IT'S ONE OF THE BEST. THANKS.
It is very precise. When we had the earthquake in Va. when ever my dog acted weird I would check the app for aftershocks and sure enough, the app confirmed my dogs actions. It is quickly updated. I checked this app within minutes of the earthquake and it showed up with the exact location..
Brief and to the point. I wish I could get the news alerts to work, probably more user error than anything. I love that it shows you the epicenter on a map and the map is maneuverable and loads quickly..
it's a fascinating app and fun to keep an eye on earthquakes that have occurred nearby. the notification services/alerter (an addon to this app) isn't perfect sense most the time you don't get the alert until many many minutes after something has occurred, but a good record of the events that did..
Accurate information.. Very usefull for me who stay at the south coast of west java island (Indonesia), heading the Indian Ocean. Only sometimes the reading and warning come little bit late. If possible the warning can be more early, and/or maybe completed with the prediction at the app. Since we are threatened by tsunami from Indian Ocean..
Very useful..I like very much the stats application..Gives the overall perspective of the risks for a given area...
Was good but now crashes after opening. About to look for a replacement :(.
This app keep crashing especially today what's going on. .
Constantly failing. Was a great app but I don't know what happened..
I enjoy using this app. It gives a really useful global perspective on seismic activity. The ability to utilize a map format or a list of activity is great. I like how the rings on the map show the size of the earthquake in ring size and colour coding. Overall one nice app..
By and large I am quite pleased with this app. you can either leave it's starting settings and it will alert you, or set them to your personal preference. The only weak point is like everything else on any portable device, no signal, no work..
Downloaded last night. 2 earthquakes happened today where I live, but 0 alerts received. Funny thing is that both earthquakes were registered in the app; so, how come I didn't receive the alerts  I chose this app since it has 1M downloads, and "good reviews". I'll try another one then..
I check it every day and it even shows the small quakes in our rural area. The news portion and maps are a great help..
I was happy with it till I noticed it wasn't updating in real time or even close. Earthquake hit Idaho an he ago, still doesn't show..
While it was working was excellent, but about two weeks ago stoped working.
Worked great for years now it crashes every load..
I like this type of monitoring of earthquakes. living in Los Angeles we've been having quite a few earthquakes and instead of turning on the news I can just open the app and take a look where it's at thank you so very much for having this type of software available.
I was in the 9.2 Great Alaskan Earthquake March 27, 64 @ 5: 36 PM Lived in Anchorage. Now I live in Las Vegas, NV. Your app tracks the earthquakes with no delays. Great map also. would not surprise me too all of a sudden have a big earthquake here. Keep up the great work..
Very responsive and accurate. The map gives a local reference that serves for local users..
App no longer works. It opens, then automatically closes..
Very good and helpful.
Was sceptical at first but after installing and going through all the settings, it's a very intuitive application. Especially when wanting specific geographical locations. Good app developer and very responsive. Not just another spam filled app. Well done...
If I remember, it used to work to push alerts of quakes. Where do I find the 'alerter app' I need to make this happen again?.
Best app ever. Quick notification, usually within 10 seconds..
The app was fantastic - untill it just stopped working. What happened?.
Love this app. I just wish that it still gave the exact location of the earthquake, instead it is now saying Southern Alaska. Um, that is a lot of territory. It used to give the exact city or town name. Please fix!.
It used to be very easy to see the location on the map. That functionality was removed in an update. The list you get when coming in from a notification is not functioning. No tap works and the back around exits the app. TOTALLY USELESS.
Love this app. Been having rare earthquakes in Utah and Idaho where do and have lived..
Amazing detail and very educational. I never knew there were so many earthquakes happening around the world..
it was really good for a while but now it drops out right after I load it.
I love having this app because I was in Puerto Rico during the earthquakes. It's very customizable..
It provides useful information accurately and timely. Have not experienced any inconveniences. 5 stars.
Fairly easy to use, accurate. Options for maps and news..
This was my favorite app. But it keeps stopping and now not working. How come?.
Its crashing. Worked well until 2 weeks ago..
Fantastic app! Loads of information with links to news, maps and USGS. The alerter add-on is a must have. I can set phone notifications for specific areas, magnitudes and times. Tried to upgrade to Pro but link no longer available..
Notifications for the app have stopped. No longer receiving any earthquake alerts to any of my devices. It been months it seems and it is not corrected. I can't recommend this app any longer unless it is fixed..
I like this app. It provides all of the information i need regarding quakes in my area..
I like the app but it starts closing immediately periodically..
It's not opening... Can we uninstall the last update. This app hasn't worked since January 2020. Did you die from coronavirus? Or just hiding out in an underground bunker?.
What happened my favorite Earthquake alert has now crashes. I don't understand!!!! I need you to fix this case I hate all the others..
Really clean layout and works well except for being really late in getting info of incidents near me recently. Also idk why the "alert" is a separate freemium download. The alert is the whole point of the app..
Luv it.. .. Been using this app for awhile now and it's great. I'm in So. Calif. and we have our quakes! And as scary as it is, I like being informed of other quakes near me, as well as around the country and the world. It is interesting as well as educational. Thank you...
This app has been a huge help since the big quake in Nov 2018 in AK. Easy to configure to geographical needs..
This was my favorite app. I don't know whats going on, but it keeps crashing..
Used to be excellent and work fine. But now in app links don't work, can't purchase pro version, can't download Alerter app (sound) (no longer appears to be in the Play Store either??).. is app even supported anymore? No replies from developer..
Great App. But wish the alert or information on a earthquake would be informed faster..
Keeps me inforned about how close the quakes are and intensity. Very helpful these days..
This app is awesome it was such a help when I went through my first earthquake ].
The shop will not even open. Uninstalled and tunneled the app, still won't open..
I check several times per day with this app and record data on the New Madrid and Wabash Valley faults..
Other than it not working right now...I love the app STILL NOT WORKING.
Used to work great now it won't work at all and the app closes.
Used to be great but now it tells me it can't detect an Internet connection. Why?? The fact that I can post this review shows it is WRONG!!! Also the News tab works. Go figure!.
This was a good app but for some reason it's not showing anything near me. Weird when I see on my news app it says theres been earthquakes near me almost everyday for a wk now. Is this app going down soon or no one willing to fix these problems?.
It has been helpful to determine where the quakes are that we experience in Indonesia. I would rate it higher but the notifications aren't working anymore and sometimes the reporting is about 30 minutes after..
Installed this after the big earthquake in Alaska and paid for the add-on notifications. Worked great for a while but I haven't received any notifications in months. Tried reinstalling and tried on a different phone. Nothing works..
This program has a very user friendly format and information us very quickly received..
Easy to use. But alerts take time to update, no inmidiate alert..
Stopped working, tried to reinstall many times...will not work...
Used to work 5 stars but no longer works. Please fix..
Honestly it never really occured to me that Earth has so many quakes a day. But this is an amazing app that is simple and keeps the numbers and statistics organized. I love it..
Good to know updated information. It was a tad bit slow updating during these swarm of earthquakes hitting California July 4th-5th. But I assume that was because boat loads of people were accessing it at the same time..
Its good to know theres a app to see what magnitude and where the epicenter is and if family is close by as for the early warning system not working yet!!!!! but when they get the kinks out maybe We will get a 30 second warning. from Robert Norton (2.8)M^^Me.
Best earthquake app out there. Data is updated within minutes of a quake. I like that I can set exactly what I want in my feed. I have tried other apps out there but always keep coming back to this one..
My only complaint is that it takes 20 to 30 minutes, sometimes more, for the earthquake to show up..
Interesting, good application where location, magnitude and few other parameters can be selected.
Nice simple app to find out about earthquakes. Works very well. Just what i need..
Works better than others I have tried but having notification issues with sound..
Great information. Nearly instant. I can't speak to it's accuracy but it is exactly what I expected it to be.
It's been really nice to have. There was an Aftershock and it was posted on the app in just a few minutes. Great app.
Use to work great. Now it crashes all the time and the notification no longer works.
It no longer opens. It force closes itself. Can not use any more..
It worked fine for a while and then just stopped. Installed..
The information is right on, accurate. Love the mapping..
It was great but stopped working suddenly, will have to delete it..
Worked great up till today. Now Google Legal says there are issues? B.
App constantly crashes as soon as it opens..
This is the best app for finding out why your pictures are rattling off the walls. It works flawlessly, it as all the information in one place. Great app..
Great and very informatve app. Well organized. I like the fact that each event that occurs can be located graphically. Also if the event is significant I can read local news coverage about it or read USGS website info or refer to other technial sources!!.
Notifications are now broken and haven't worked in months. I paid for the pro a year ago and now nothing. Very frustrating and disappointing as when this app worked, it was awesome..
What happened to this app?? Did the developer quit? It's a shame because there's no app as good as this was. Fix this please!.
It does not connect to the USGS server and alert feature doesn't work at all..
Paid for the add on to get live alerts. Hasn't worked in months..
The most accurate earthquake app that I have ever seen. Still waiting to see if L.A. shakealert will work.
Loved it until 3 days ago. The app stopped working.33.
Worked for a few months but now crashes..
Very good. Earthquakes are no joke and information that are relevant to the topic are included - ranging from manmade fracking to tectonic plate movements. Keep up the good work and thank you as well for a working and intuitive app..
Great application with customizable alerts from home to Rome...or around the world! You can keep track of trends in the map section for up to a week. Good integration with news stories and USGS data..
Excellent App, showing earthquakes around the world minutes after they happen..
It's nice to see where & how strong a quake is, and whether any damage has been caused..
It won't open and it say it stop app also please fix it and it not working not very happy now have to unstall.
App stopped working...crashes all of the time.....
It stopped working. It closes when I open it. Please fix asap..
What happened? It totally stopped working! Too bad because it was a really great site!.
This app has notifications you can set, a map view that you can pan around, the latest news. and more. Does the job. Does need a network connection to see anything..
Used to work well. But just this week the notices have petered out. We're having a lot of 4+ quakes here in the Philippines but the app no longer works. A shame!.
Wish there was more range in the filter options. Awesome otherwise!.
This app provides very important information in a straightforward manner with few advertisements. What more could you wish for? Great work from the developer..
Best app for keeping up with shake rattle & roll. They update quickly, we had a small tremor that I felt, in less than 10 minutes, or was posyed on this site. TY keep up the great work..
pretty good app. I would like to epicenter coordinates top level on the map. I would also like to see my range and bearing to the epicenter..
This a great app that provides very quick information with each refresh. I am thankful I have it now with this Kern County earthquake activity. Thank you..
great tool to see immediately and accurately, where and how severe earthquake or after shock just happened near me. I gave it 4 stars because i wish it had an audible alert when an earthquake was within a 100 mile radius of me..
Love it. I only wish i could see current earthquake activity.
App crashing as soon as it's launched..
I've had this for several years. Notifications are sent within minutes. You can select areas of interest and the level of intensity to trigger notification. Type of map is selectable..
Seems to work fine. Ain't had an earthquake in my area since I put it on my phone. I didn't know it also prevented earthquakes too? Relax! That was a joke. I do like having the app though..
awesome app...I also loved this app. What has happened to it???.
I really like this app. Earthquakes in different places. Now we can know when, where and what magnitude in real time. Technology is amazing. It's another way to know our time is getting close to the soon return of the Messiah..
Very good thank you, would like to see a total count based on selection criteria..
I've lived in California most of my life and we'd always have to wait for the 5 o'clock news to find out where and how big the earthquake was. With Earthquake Alert! I get that information within seconds. Plus, you can read about other areas that have gotten hit by earthquakes in the "news" section. I love this app, it's on all my devices..
Doesn't work anymore. Crashes every time I open it..
Great app, nut no longer works Would give live earthquake updates..
I love this app. I like seeing different quakes around the world. The magnitude scale is on point. One thing it does is send notifications when there's earthquake near you.
Very useful and informative Now stopped sending notifications.. Won't connect with the server.
I was going to use it to check for an earthquake, but it wants a rating. As I remembered it it showed where it was and magnitude. It worked pretty well..
great for quick and easy access to find out seismic activity around the world. it is easy to adjust the settings to custom regions and maximum minimum Richter counts..
App used to work great but now the notifications don't work. We had 4 earthquakes off the coast of Vancouver Island in the last 24 hours and I have not received any notifications..
I love to be able to get info on earthquakes that I can feel right away rather than 5 or 20 minutes later..
It was a good app, now it's not working. Really sad..
This app is very informative and educational. I have learned more about earthquakes since i down loaded it. I tried a few other earthquake apps and in my opinion this one is the best..
It registers earthquakes immediately. I have been woken up at night by a small earthquake so checked the app and it confirmed my suspicion literally seconds after it happened. very cool..
Simple, and easy to define filters. Takes it a little bit to capture the latest quake, but that's minor..
it is a really nice app updates pretty quickly but I would like to see the time on everything not just after the five or six to show up with a minutes ago setting other than that it's a great app.
Accuracy is the most important thing for me, reliable information would be my 2nd on my list, Most of all it's free. winning and you will too download ASAP..
01/16/2020: Paid version. No administrative support or follow-up response since November 2019. I've moved to another application..
Easy to use filters. Updates quickly. Great app!.
Used to be a great app, now it crashes non-stop.
Love this app definitely worth downloading So much information and very thankful for it ! However though my settings are correct , I'm not receiving notifications ! Would appreciate a fix it a how to in that .
Doesnt seem to work any longer.....i used to love this app...what happened?.
App completely stopped working. I didn't receive any notifications in the last 6 months, despite being set to notify about all earthquakes of 4 and above, anywhere in the world. I uninstalled it..
Information provided is fast and with specific details..
Great app. Lots out there but I'm loving this one NO ADS!!.
Recently we had an earthquake in Salt lake county that has put everyone on edge. This app has given us a sense of comfort being able to track aftershocks in the area.
I like how fast the info is posted. You can feel the quake and then look at Earthquake Alert! and it already shows the info about it. It's so much faster than waiting for the news to update..
It help me keep track of earthquakes and if they are near our area. One thing that I like is that it tell you fast what's happening. I recomend it..
Very easy to use and informative. How can I upgrade to paid version? Thank you for this app..
Great app that let's you choose how you view the information! Up to date information too! I look at this every day. Sometimes multiple times. .
Crashes immediately after launching. Will this be fixed?.
Great app love look how close they are to me here in anchorage alaska shows minutes after how big and the how far down and i been looking at all the earthquakes around the world kind of eye opening after the 7.0 earthquake we had here in alaska.
This app is pretty cool, I set up the magnitude I want to be alerted when a 6.0 or higher hits. Awesome App..
I'm loving it, my family and I live in Michigan and we use to live in California, I do not miss the earthquakes. I love this app! I can see where they are happening. recommend it to everyone.
As a Jaegar pilot, getting fast info on rising Kaiju signatures along the Pacific Rim is very important for my job. Earthquake Alert! app works great and helps me in my battle vs. the Kaiju threat!!!.
Very poor fault lines, only one in our area, San Andreas, but there are many many more. Good quake data though..
Very accurate I check every movement around the world and also you can choose the magnitude of the earthquakes you want to see only and the history. I really like this app..
Very nice, functional, does what I want it to do. The alert add-ons seem to have been removed from G Play, though. Pleas fix this ASAP, dev..
Keeps on closing. Doesn't work correctly..
Keeps closing every time you try to open it. Notgood.
Keeps shutting down even after uninstalling and reinstalling.
Easy and prompt.
I've entered "near me:" several times yet every time I open the app it's world wide. need alerts as I live in a very active earthquake area(moving very soon).
Really like it but a little tricky to set map for location override. What can I say but, it's slick and cool..
Been working great! I have been using it to keep track of all the aftershocks we've been getting since the 7.0 this Am here in AK.
Does not work on Android 9. Still functions flawlessly on Android 8. Says connected to the server, but also says Device Failed Registration. There's no device ID. Emailed Dev with no response..
Great app. With Free version there is a 30 min lag or a little more. Ads don't get in the way of viewing..
Used to get alerts all the time. Stopped about a month ago. Tried everything to fix, will be deleted after I post this..
very usefull,specially if your ground is shaking..
Easy to navigate, with concise information. .
Happy with this app, helps alot to no where the earthquake happen..
It's very interesting and seems to post event s almost immediately.
Information is available quickly after any earthquake..
Crashes upon loading. Completely unusable app..
Latest version crashes at start up on Pixel phones.
Switch phones and you will never again use the pro alerts. I can't even repurchase if I wanted to. No response from developer. Otherwise it's a pretty good app..
Good maps. Like the settings feature. I would rate it higher if it didn't limit to past seven days..
This is a great app... solid, functional, streamlined, robust. It won't make coffee, but it does what it's supposed to quite well..
a little slow on the updates, but it's good to know what the last aftershock magnitude was... we're having many the last few days..
Fantastic app, works great and gives me so much information. Absolutely must have app during the most recent episodes in southern california..
need to have an audible sound alert..wish it reported a lil faster..
I'm using this app to keep me on top of the Puerto Rico quake swarms, and I'd say it works nicely.
This app. is very informative about the magnitude & location of earthquakes occuring around the world on a daily basis..
Crashes immediately upon opening on Google Pixel XL..
Plse help. Each time I open the app it closes automatically. I have allowed contact access. It is a new problem. Plse can u help?.
Great app but keeps crashing even after I reinstall it.
Crashes and closes immediately after opening..
The app opens and instantly it closes it just keep crashing.
Enjoy this app. It does everything well. Set it to alert me every earthquake over 6.0 and it works great. The maps and news sections are also interesting..
Great! You updated this app to the point where it doesn't work. The old version actually worked. Understand when something works stay with it..
Very reliable, very accurate. I truly enjoy this app.
Im a bit of a seismology nerd. Your app is clear, simple to use. Id like a alert alarm built in..
App keeps crashing upon opening. Samsung Galaxy S4.
Needs update as others have said crashes upon opening See if developers respond.
I'm no earthquake expert, but this app gives me just what I was looking for. Good info about the quake and good mapping..
the depth of quake shows severity. the distance to quake is also a nice feature. favorite feature is the map with color coded severity..
I do like this app. It's so accurate on information. I felt an earthquake and I decided to download this app and found out that there was definetly an earthquake. I recommend it..
This app is provide true details of earth quake, its really fantastic app..
I'm in Alaska. When the recent 7.0 earthquake hit and the subsequent 3000 after shocks rolled through this app worked flawlessly. Don't know what else say for an endorsement, that seems pretty on point..
The layout is great and easy to read. However wish it would have an alert system when earthquake occurs that I can hear on my phone.
It is really helpful, but I really do wish it would tell me how far (or close to) an earthquake is from my location..
Only bad thing about it, it works sometimes and then it stops and goes away. Great app if stays on..
I live in Alaska, we just had the 7.0 earthquake and this app has been very useful for all the aftershocks. It keeps me informed on whats going on..
It doesn't work. Don't wait till it's too late look elsewhere. If one distributes an app claiming to detect something like earthquakes, it better freaking work. This isn't pokemon...
Awesome app, quick to report. Wish there was a duration stat. A M7.1 for 15 secs causes less damage than a M7.1 that shakes for 30 secs..
fun to monitor the quakes, love the filter so I can focus on only one close by if I choose, as well as magnitude setting..
it needs to respond a little bit more quicker other than that it's okay they had little glitches here and there but they're still working on it from Los Angeles California.
This used to a great. It all of a sudden stopped sending me notifications. I have the Pro version. Anyone have an idea what is going on?.
It was working fine and now it stay loading and no information please fix it.
Earthquake Alert is an informative, hassle free application..
The app currently shuts down as soon as it opens..
Great app. keeps me updated on everything that is happening. I have tried a few apps, and I think this is the best one I would recommend..
I really like this app. Having relatives in several areas of the country, I can check quake information in their areas and ours, which is interesting to me..
Thank you for creating this app until everyone understands what happens every day. Plus, it is helpful app and I use it from many years ago..
No longer receive notifications. Cannot connect. Starting to see others having the same issue..
This is a terrific resource! The reporting is instant and has a lot of information. We are less than 100 miles from the 7.1 Ridgecrest earthquake and being able to get the details has been valuable..
its a good app wish i didnt have to download other software to get notifications. also wish it could be able to update through voice over text..
i've had to use it a few times and turned to the page to look up right away its been very rewarding this app is great !!!.
I really like all the informative information. Time, location and magnitude. Great app! Thank you!.
Love keeping up with the activity and checking out a map to keep me focused. It's a great app Wish I was still teaching because this would be helpful with Science, History, and Math!.
I LOVE this app!!!! Being from CA & being in that horrific quake in 1989 and in Or now, this comes in extremely well  They keep saying we're due for the BIG ONE!!!!! I wanna be ready. THANK YOU FOR THIS . IT'S REALLY AWESOME .
There are 2 things,it doesn't show results at the moment but delays about 40 minutes,2ndly it shows the results 0.4 degrees less than actual results(e.g. if magnitude is 6.5 it shows it 6.1).
The app won't open it just closes evey time it was my Goto for years.
Not keeps crashing I open it and it says app stoped open app again and it keeps doing that.
As we are in Ridgecrest California and have had so many quakes in the last few days, this app has been great..
Nice application. This is my favorite, after reviewing a slew of earthquake apps. I finally deleted all of my EQ Apps except this..
When you live in a place where earthquakes are inevitable it is handy to have an app for info... Like this one! Love love love it.
The aplicacion is very useful and easy to understand. Also, it doesn't use too much space of your phone memory..
Nice to know how big the earthquake was and how many aftershocks there have been. Doesn't give any useful alert warning. I'd reccommend it to anyone who has experienced a big one so they can for track the aftershock activity..
Got the pro version for the alerts, never got a single alert..
I like it but wish this also had an audible alarm..
It's great. I do wish there was a 500 mile option to customize..
Great source of official info. Good filters so you get info you want..
App stopped working.
Older version was good. Latest version sucks. See what happens when you get Google involved..
loved this app. just got a Samsung Note 9 and the map is blown up and need to scroll all over to see locations. very disapointing..
This app is real time. It updates the earthquakes almost as quick as we feel them and it is very accurate compared to USGS..
Keeps me informed. My go to app whenever we shake. I'm always browsing to see where the quakes are happening. I'm obsessed with this app. LOVE IT. THANK YOU FOR CREATING THIS APP.. FASTER THAN A NEWS REPORT.
Very nice application, definitely I recommend to everyone who wants to know what's going on around the world..
Won't open. Keeps crashing starting on 4/23/20.
It is easy to find places and is accurate.
Message pops out each time i open the app...close the app or report.
Crashing. Will not stay open. Fix please..
Like the world map and the info it gives. Then there is another screen that gives the details of the earthquake site..
Used to be very good. But needs its partner app to get notifications now, which is not found in play store..
Very good app. Well laid out, smooth running, and very informative. It's a keeper..
I like it. Seems to work quite well. I have it set to show me every Earth movement of 3.0 or higher..
It's al little late with notifications but very accurate..
This is great to be instantly aware of Earthquakes worldwide. I have mine set to only show me 7+ and it works great..
I use the pro companion app to highlight areas where "stuff" could happen. keeps me ahead of the news.....
Just installed it - works great! Very informative, good statistics and easy to use..
I love this app. We have multiple small earthquakes daily and this app let's me document the how, when and where..
Now the app don't work like before, no more alerts, I buy the pro and now is a mess. Fix the problem ..
The App and add-in used to work and stopped after an update. Not receiving anymore notifications. Emailed their support and got no reply. Won't be recommending this app..
I like the app but if it had a alarm it would be much better, thank u for sharing.
This app used to be good, but now it doesn't even open..
The app is very reliable and trustworthy. I depend on it, as I live in a quake-prone area, and the information that this app provides is very important to me and my family..
This app is from my using is accurate when and where earthquakes have occurred. The better one I have used..
It hasn't caused me any trouble or "taken over my phone with ads," yet....
Great app. It added the information quickly after an earthquake happened..
I live in the Ridgecrest area and we are experiencing ground movements like never before in this app is amazing and has helped me out tremendously.
just had an earthquake in Washington state. The app updated its information under ten minutes of it happening. Very helpful..
Have had this installed for years, but have received NO notifications at all during entire month of August 2019.  Please fix this..
Was able to utilize app info minutes after a 7.0 earthquake in Alaska this morning. Information helped quell people's fears about what just happened. Location of quake gave me a high confidence that their would be no Tsunami in our Area even though it was issued and quickly canceled. Smaller than the 9.2 Alaska quake that I remember, yet very sign6..
I like how you can customise the alerts you care about. It'd be even better if I could enter the names of states and countries I particularly cared about (not only US states, either)..
Easy to use. Current updates, what is going on under neith us. Good visuals..
love it, all the information is great! living in Southern California I use it a lot! .
This app is ok to keep track of how many after shocks have happened after a major earthquake... but it is not an early warning app..
Very informative and up to date info. Thanks for creating this app! Love the format, too!.
Excellent!! Very practical app for areas prone to earthquake activity, very useful! Thanks!.
Gives great and accurate information on earthquakes!.
It keeps crashing and closing as soon as I open it.
This app is informative after the fact. Just too bad still no way to detect an earthquake before it happens..
this is by far the best app ive found! its accurate and update regularly as well as news updates on the recent earthquake..well done.
Takes too long to report earthquakes and it does not alert..
Pretty good. A little slow in providing data..
As others have said it keeps crashing plz fix it!.
Crashes while loading. Please fix..
Refused to open after installing and unistalling. I liked it better than others, unfortunately, it wont open..
This app is great to let us know if there is danger of a tsunami caused by nearby earthquakes cause it informs you 45 minutes after the earthquakes and the magnitude is confirmed..
It's awesome...I had no idea there was a quake near where I live, but this app did! So thank you Mr E-Quake Alert! .
downloaded quickly, got the info needed in a jiff, news is a great feature, seismographic info image would improve..
App no longer opens, keeps crashing..
Worked great for a while. It quit giving alerts. Still works well if you open it..
Very easy to use. Info is updated fast..
Great app and very precise! This a reliable source..
Very up to date and easy to use app..
Used to be great. Doesn't even stay open now..
The app close the second i open it. Reinsalled 3 times and it just wont open.
Used to work fine all the sudden is not anymore.
love all the features, accurate info, very easy to use and understand..
wish it had an historic data base on area with most quakes and highest over time. enables those interested in creating a stat sheet of most and least unstable areas..
I think it's good for finding out about earthquakes in your area, but it's too broad on miles for the "earthquakes near you" setting. It can be several hundred miles away. It would be better if you could set your own distance instead of relying on their opinion as to what is close. Also, it can take up to 10 minutes to register an earthquake. It might not seem like it, but when you live in the LA area of Southern California, it's a long time!.
Purchased the pro version in order to receive quicker alerts. Instead, I get alerts 10+ minutes after events..
It stopped working. Quakes are going off all over the West Coast and suddenly it can't remember where I live..
Great overall  I'd give five stars if there was a time lapse feature that could go farther back other than that it's awesome great work.
If i can not set up location manually then it is of no use for me. I want to check earthquakes in my family town on regular basis not in aces where i travel or where i'm. Also im not interested in any other locations..
The most accurate EarthQuake app there is but the alert is not working now.
Google is shutting you down on my phone. Not sure why?.
Very very informative earthquake App. Need to better the gap between the actual happening and reporting time in the App of any earthquake..
works for me. gives clear info on earthquakes in magnitude and location. only minus is the articles filter..
best earthquake software. would be nice to add some more features like kp index and solar flares or geomagnetic storms..
very informative. to the point. no time to beat around the bush if you're have to resort to this app for quick decision making.
Excellent app for providing the magnitude, depth, and location of earthquakes..
The best app for tracking earthquakes and aftershocks, both as a list and map..
This is a great app. If you want to keep up, with all of the latest worldwide earthquake activity, then I highly recommend you try using this app..
Used to be great. Now the alert pro add on can't connect. No alerts being sent..
Nice to have on hand a quick review of seismic activity. When an earthquake is reported I quickly turn to this app..
Easy to use, up to date, informative.
A very interesting and detailed app. Always works and never have any problems..
App no longer sending me alerts. Paid for the Pro add on years ago. Trying to fix on my own but support is limited..
The app gives good, accurate information, but the alert doesn't work..
very informative, real time logging and notification easy to use. great great app!.
Great app to get instant info about earthquakes worldwide, news, etc. With the filter you can control intensity and distance from your location..
A nice simple way to monitor what you want and look at events world wide if needed with enough data to investigate the event elsewhere..
i like the app. stll working on the sound but otherwise i like it. my cat tells me 24 hours before it happens..
The app does not report all recorded earthquakes. Within the last few weeks the app providers have missed at least two in Trinidad and Tobago.
It's simple to use it only does earthquakes I know but at least it's easy to navigate..
this app gives me a quick view, including depth stats and frequency. pretty interesting to a layperson..
This app has been very helpful during the After shocks from 6.4 and 7.1 Quakes . The Information is detailed and helpful.
I used to love this app. In the last month or so, it has stopped notifying me about quakes at all..
Updates very quickly. Easy to navigate.
Easy app to use. Keeps you updated on activity. Map is clear and precise..
I really liked the app UNTIL I no longer received any alerts for earthquakes. That was a plus worthy of 7-8 stars when it worked..
Very cool app to see what's happening around the world. Simple and not full of ads..
Great easy to use, to find the quake, and adjust options..
They have a lot of nerve calling this an earthquake 'alert' app. it's historical data only. I wonder if they make money from having people install then immediately uninstall it?.
It dosen't work anymore. No alerts at all. It used to give me alerts now it dosen't..
I like it. Gives a map of the area and news. How big. Nice easy to use..
Great information. Able to customize to see only my region. The free version apparently don't have alerts..
It eliminates the folks hollering "that was an earthquake. Did you feel it? No, but let me whip this app out.".
Have been using this app for a long time. Paid small $ for pro version and found this to be the best earthquake app of all I tried over many years..
This is my go-to earthquake for forecasting and the outstanding graphics makes this a good tool to use when trying to warn others thank you.
I like this app. It gives info on all earthquakes and a map, too..
I give 4 even though I ended up uninstalling it. It's not showing anymore on my notification bar. Don't know why. That was the main reason I chose this app. But is no longer showing it..
They say that here in Oklahoma the number of earthquakes have come down. They lie. It's very common to have six a day measuring 2.0 or greater and this app allows me to track these using the parameters that I choose..
Since phone update the app keeps crashing..
Great. Easy .. detailed and provides interesting information and statistics. best app for earthquake info..
I am simply amazed at the detail available with this FREE NO ADS app!!! This gentleman should not only be complimented and rewarded, he should be the model app builder for the goverment: SIMPLE, DETAILED & TO THE POINT! KUDOS!!!.
I live in Southern California and I have recently started using this app it has been really helpful and very accurate. Thank you very much for developing this app.
Useless at 2.0 and 1000 miles, God knows if that is more or less than 1cm, but okay it refuses to show 4.0m or above earthquakes with any configuration I try and GPS on vs other apps that actually show earth quakes. UNINSTALLING.
Great app. But used to give location by city. That is still needed..
For some reason, not all earthquakes are showing in application..
Adaptable info input Good maps Best earthquake app I have found so far.
Keeps hassling me to write something good about app very annoying..
Nice App to get latest earthquake updates however i was looking at notification settings to get auto notification and it gave me link to download but the link is not working.
Recently stopped opening. Had been reliable for years..
Very detailed and up-to-date earthquake info with detailed mapping..
I have used this app for several years. Ever since I noticed a rise in number of earthquakes. Used to be the number of earthquakes in a day were less than a 100 now they are going through the roof. if you don't know Jesus, now is the time! Don't be Left Behind .
Cool app. Fun to use to keep track of all the local shaking....
Super precise. Love the map feature and how easy it is to report shakes..
Doesn't send notifications on time or it just doesn't show..
Used this for years, now all it does is crash Was a great app.
I would increase my stars for this, but the app keeps shutting its self before I can see anything.
Very fast updates on earthquake activity. I am very close to the epicenter of the Alaska earthquakes right now and seconds after I feel a quake the app pops up telling me the magnitude..
You can set the level of alerts. Also you get a full picture of how many Earthquakes are really happening Worldwide..
Unfortunately, my cell phone is not compatible for purchasing the alert system. But still this app is okay...
very good app. you have to make sure that you set the app correctly. to what you are looking for..
up to date, comprehensive with map availabilty. We live in earthquake susceptible area. Invaluable information..
this is a wonderful app i just downloaded it and there was just a little earthquake 4.3 it is very helpful thx..
Awesome information of places where and when it struck, love this App! Great job..
Enter your parameters and Wah-La. I used the default parameters notany ads to even be concerned about..
Great app for tracking timing of things that go bump in the night..
Can't get notifications to work. Settings says needs add on app but then says not available.
Just gave details after the event occurred. Did not have real time alarms..
Great app. Gives you all the numbers you need to follow quakes..
This app used to update quickly but it has changed. It can take hours/days to update an earthquake now. bummer..
Has been accurate since the 7.0 on November 30th. Alaska was rocked HARD and this app has been amazing!.
so far so good pretty accurate I like it I checked my app a few times a day since I live in Southeast Alaska all around me right now there's a bunch of Tremors and it tells me so and exactly where ..yes I like this app.
Great app! Of the earthquake apps that I have check out this one is my favorite..
Using this app in Ridgecrest, CA. It has been accurate and provides useful and educational features. The News Tab is a go-to feature. A+ app..
Love this app! So far this app has been accurate with the quakes..
i like it ok, but it doesn't give alerts for 5.0or 6.0 or higher quakes. it needs that..
Great app to stay up to date on the latest earthquakes. Haven't had any issues thus far..
At times, the reporting is slow..
Great app to have keeping up on how things are going in the plates. ..
This was a great app, but it no longer opens..
Good, But it takes 45 Minutes to update the event or Minimum 30 Minutes, I believe. Kindly do maximum fast updation.
good app. no ads and from what I can tell it's pretty accurate.
Would like to only see shakes around me but the setting doesn't save. It is quick in registering a quake..
This app had the Ridgecrest earthquake listed as a 7.1 when the news stations were still thinking it was a 6.9 ... Posts quickly too!.
Love this app. Just wish it sound off when major earthquake on the way but other than that great app.
it's pretty good but could use some updates and real-time data but they do get the information from usgs.gov and that's all I'm looking for.
Within a few minutes of an earthquake at my house, I looked and found the magnatude and center using this app. FANTASTIC!!.
Excellent application. It's keeping us informed. I shared it with all my friends..
I have the pro version and notifications haven't been working for months now..
Good, but would like to have a compass for orientation..
Probably the best for real time quake tracking and I have tried most of them since I live in Puget Sound region..
great app, nice graphics, minimizes unintentionally, no obvious way to maximize.
Application works as it should. No problems running on my LG K30..
I love the app for the given information , accurately shown and great stats. Great job!!!!.
Alaska had 50,200 earthquakes last year and I didn't get 1 alert. My settings were within many many earthquakes..
It's a really nice app for earthquakes. Thank you..
Good for academic purpose. Needs an alert mechanism for tec plate movement nearby..
only giving it a 4 for now because I've had it only a week but so far it's been excellent. easy to use, intuitive and very customizable..
Great app to have, especially if you live in a quake zone like myself..
The Updates take a while but it's good to keep track, not really an Alert System.
Think they gave up on updating this app, it used to work great. Haven't had any notifications in months!.
Disappointed, settings at 4.0 and above. Did not work. It worked in past versions..
I love this app. it gives me the latests news from the most recent earthquakes around the world!.
l love it because it keeps me up to date on the quake activity around us. Thank you and please keep updating the app..
It seems to lag on updating. Wife uses a different app and get info faster..
Easy to use an looks nice. It is better than the website..
After the ridgecrest earthquakes, i absolutely flipped out at how the app nailed it. 10/10 beautiful!.
I just downloaded it and it crashes every time I use it..
App in-op 100% shuts off immediately on opening..
Reliable and easy to use. A nice and neat job, well done!.
A Great app to keep up with Earthquakes. When they hit!!!!.
Easy to use. Let's me monitor magnitude and intensity of shakes in hometown and surrounding area..
I enjoy all the options the ap provides.magnitude, distance, location, map features. Thank you for a great ap..
WAS a great app, but alerts stopped working and now it is just another app..
Doesn't show all of the earthquakes but it works for what I need it.
Gives me an understanding how frequent these occur, where they all are and the intensity!.
New version crashes 2 sec after opening.
Love this app!! It keeps me informed and vigilant!!.
It keeps on stopping!!!!! Can't read what' s going on !!!!!!!.
The paid Pro addon is no longer available for download, automatic alerts don't work..
does exactly what it says in a simple efficient way. Excellent.
Very good app. I like the global map that shows quake locations..
Great app, easy to use, easy to set up. Very good information in real time..
No longer works for notifications on S10+. And yes, I have the add on installed..
Can't configure alerts. The link to add-on in the settings of the app leads nowhere..
it used to work perfect , now it's not giving any alerts . please fix it.
acurate and intuitive, great app, thank you for your building this!!.
I like the settings just wish I knew how to make it beep when there is an earthquake near me..
Haven't really had that very long but it seems like very accurate and pretty cool.
It never works. I've had this app for 2 yrs and it never works.
It keeps me updated on quake activity and location. .
Great App. Keeps you up to date with all you need to know about quakes..
gives up to date earthquake info, I like the option to select the milage range for a search.
Calls it self a "Alert" app but during setup I found a note that say's "not a early warning system". Uninstalled and moving on..
simple and straight-forward. data within 3 minutes..
Nice simple app, works well, provides basic info I need. Thanks!.
Good app. Delivers what it promises. Very well designed and useful and informative..
Easy access, we experience a earthquake and it was listed. Good to get the details we're on the Pacific coast..
Good app, easy to use, but doesn't supply fast earthquakes data.
we experienced an earthquake at 10:33 am. this app did not alert before, during or after. Back to the drawing board..
Great app. It has been years since our quake in ImperialVally.
My experience with this app is limited due to the fact that I only recently downloaded it, but so far so good..
Unless, Im missing it, would be nice to have a notification on phone as soon as earthquake is projected.
It's a great app to have if you live in a earthquake area..
Keeps crashing on startup..
Slow to load and less information than previously. Please update app..
The map was really detailed and informative but after downloading my phone started slowing down and glitched out several times..
great app... keeps me alerted and up to date on all earthquakes in and around my area!.
Notifications/alerts no loner work for Android phones, so no point of having the app; uninstalled..
Says paid versions isn't available in app store. Wanted to pay for full version with alerts. Waste of my time!.
Very useful app for current earthquake locations and information..
Immediate quake updates & additional, easily obtained information. Great app.
Wonderful. it tells me what's shaking out there in an easy understandable way..
Works smoothly information is solid and comes reasonably quickly when an earthquake occurs.
I downloaded this app before our 1st major quake. Later we felt some slight rocking. Our animals didn't care, but it was handy to note the activity..
This app reports within 30 seconds. As good as it gets. Waiting for early warning..
Good coverage. Would be nice if it could be somewhat faster in getting the news..
Great app! Tells all the earthquakes all over the entire state..
good app - a bit slow at times even on wi-fi - but a good app.
It's very awesome app which can notifying us in case of Earthquakes..
this is a geeat app it tells you how far away they are as well and the magnitude. love it thanks..
Not working on my phones... Tested it and it has not alerted at all.. I uninstaller..
Just what I need, not imploded with advertising..
it's very accurate and I can find out how close they are to my town. I love this app!!.
Have used this for a long time now it keeps crashing.
Great app, accurate just wish it would update earthquakes sightly quicker..
Could use better maps but all in all, it is fairly decent..
very useful to see info from earthquakes close to your area..
Doesn't work anymore. Hasn't for a while now. Even with the add-on..
It has been go to daily since area suffered a quake, thank you for the updates.
It was a good app but crashes now all day.
app will not open anymore, keeps crashing.
Love the app but it keeps crashing any suggestions?.
Putchased the pro version but notifications dont appear. Other free apps do better job and so does the USGS..
Doesn't even open. Just had an earthquake and can't find any info. Only info I see is the loading circle of death. ugh... gn8.
Lots of info and an easy to use map. Love it!.
Very helpful in providing the raw and shockingly frequent earthquake occurances globally..
I like the app just wished I could get just the information from my area and surrounding area..
Great updates, it shows results even before the news mentioned it..
I like that you can switch between a list of quakes or the map..
Updated and accurate information. A reliable source of information on latest incidents..
This app is not working anymore, I open it and it closes itself.
Information is precise and on time. Love it.
Easy to use and simple to understand. I check it daily just to see what is going on. I wish that you could go back in time more than a week..
It always works, never has bugs that needs fixed that ive noticed,.
Well-concevied and executed app... Essential for living in earthquake country!.
Love the app but it keeps crashing help!!.
WHY is STATS Page not loading up??.
5 stars, but the app is broke right now, fix it.
Was an awesome app until it started crashing .
As soon as it opens, it crashes..
Great app. keeps me up to date on quakes in Fiji..
Keeps me updated on the current quake issue and acts as alert..
It is a great app and keeps me up on what is happening around me. Thank You so much..
Wish this App Would Alert The Public by Alarm Notification. This app works way better than the ShackAlertLA app..
It's a great app, gives you alerts fast..
Just needs some kind of sound alert..
Very quick and useful earthquake data!.
Keeps stopping. It's unusable..
Loved this app but it just crashes now :(.
a great app always lets me know when there's been an earthquake and where.
I love this app! Nice to know where the shaking is happening..
This app is easy to understand and I like that I can set my preferences..
great app. would like more logistics & statistics on other natural events.
App rarely sends alerts & I live in an Earthquake zone, in Victoria on Vancouver Island, B.C..
Good App been having it for a few years and I have no problems with it..
This app kept me informed when all of the earthquakes were hitting southern california in July of 2019. Nothing can predict one but this one let me know where, when,what time and how far from my home it was happening..
I like that you can get a direct link to USGS for additional quick data!.
I wish this app had notifications such as a sound alert to when an earthquake nearby was happening?.
With the seismic events that are unfolding right now in Puerto Rico, this app is my best friend at the moment, and I love how it offers all details regarding any quake that occurs.
Very helpful app, on time accuracy..
For someone who lives in the Northwest earthquake country, this App gives valuable visibility into what's happening around the world..
Just started quitting. Reloaded and still does on both phones ... Otherwise would have been a 5 .
Good simple interface very informative and accurate..
this is the best app for getting earthquake news, alerts and knowledge for earthquake.Download and install this app quickly.
works great! good UX/UI. useful news tie-in..
Great app, gives up to date info extremely fast..
hasn't given me notification in over a year despite how many times I try resetting the settings and resetting the app.
This is a very well put together app, it gives you lots of information from all over the world..
Great app! Only one hat actually recorded small quake in Tennessee when all others failed..
Great app keeps you up-to-date and the stats tab is very helpful.
It is very helpful to track the earthquakes activities and where is happening..
Crashes, can't even open it..
Used to give alerts, no longer receiving alerts. Emailed developer with no reply.
App open and crashes.. doesn't work.
I love this app. Its nice knowing where the earthquakes are the news is not mentioning..
This is a good app, great to keep updated on earthquakes..
Enjoy this app always wanting to know possible when the next one will happen maybe some kind of pattern.
Used to be great now shuts down when I open it..
Lots of features and options to look at seismic activity..
outstanding app. the best there is technical wise, and informational wise.
having a lot of drag time hit refresh still showing 60 minutes behind.
I love having this app living in earthquake country. It's not perfect, but it's very good..
Very good tool to keep informed about earthquakes..
Easy to use. No glitches. Perfoms as advertised..
Good app just wish it had some more information on specific earthquakes..
The app drops away from the screen..
quick to update and list the quake, i like this. i have family in philippines and need quick up to date activity. great app..
the perfect site for following recent quakes. easy, fast, fun..
i have it set to show all recent earthquakes around me in a certain mile radius. I really enjoy the app..
great app to keep track of EQ's accurate in info it gived.
It's ok. Only thing is that I have tried to have a "Notification Sound" and am not able to do so..
Great feel to the app. Great details too compared to other apps.
Always informative & user friendly App. .
Better and more clear than any of the websites I've seen..
This is so awesome and useful! I love this app!.
Works just fine for us. We have the app fine tuned for our area here in Alaska..
Worka great and is easy and intuitive to use..
When you are looking for what's shakin' in our world is app nails it. Whether you felt it shaking or not, you can still find out about it wherever in the world it and how bad was it..
Is eady to understand and determine proxsymetry to my location!! Excellent! Very current!.
Accurate, fast, informative and all in real time..
Free with no ads. Simple easy to use..
this app is always up to date and has all the information..
love it! except when I go out of town it does not work!.
I love this app I never knew there are so many earthquakes happening everday!.
The notifications feature hasn't gone off despite having numerous earthquakes in the area. (Alaska).
Accurate, fast and easy.
Helps me know about the 7.0 today and the aftershocks in my area, thank you very much for this app..
I am not getting any more notifications please fix. can't even connect. Mahalo.
Very good app, for those serious investigation of earthquakes..
Very good. Like that I can set magnitude for alerts..
Easy to use and easy to understand.
Easy to use. Seems pretty reliable..
great app. easy to use and good information..
This is really good well put together easy to use with no problems.
App no longer works and developer does not respond. Please remove this app from the play store..
I really like this app. Keeps u up to date in real time..
Showing instant the earthquake , immediate, perfect for me. Thaks.
Excellent resource to maintain us informed minute by minute of any event of significant movements!!!!.
I found this app to be very well designed. Really enjoy it..
What happened? Crashes on loading..
It has stop working app wont even open plz fix.....
easy to use and understand.the news is very imformative..
it is awsome I don't have too wait for a news channel too come on. It is Sweet!.
Good app. Simple to use and understand..
Always works. lots if info, stats, etc. try it!.
keeps good track I'm able to see what's happening around me I love the app.
Stopped working. The whole point of having an app is to find out about possible threats before it hits the news..
Once, the earthquake is reported in this application. There were already in others. Slow response..
Keeps stopping right after it is opened.
Great app, as I live in a very active seismic zone!.
I check it all the time, it is very handy if you follow Earthquakes..
It is great to have any music at any time ... no matter what the mood..
The app keeps stopping and won't open.
great app. didnt realize how many quakes there are.
easy to use, up to date with arround the world news..
Awesome app. Keeps me up to date with the earthquakes.
Very slow to update current events. I'll probably look for something faster..
Was a great app, but now... no notification. What happened? Still waiting an answer....
When wi fi wasnout received nitifications with LTE. 6.6 earthquake at 4:23 todas 1-7-2020..
I like that I can find what I need quickly and clearly, and I can get it to center in on where I live..
I really like this app! Cause after all the aftershocks (earthquakes)it lets me know how big..
I like details and maps. Great info!.
Great! Very trustworthy so far! Thanks!.
easy user intetface, excellent filters, great drill down detail. My gp to app whenevet I hear of an eatthwuake.
pretty good app, I check daily the quakes, easy to read & understand,.
I like that you can choose the locations that you want to be notified for.
Living in SOCAL, up to the minute quake info is a must... this app does not disappoint..
i love the fact i can bring the app up and check out where and when a earthquake happened.
Still I watching the Earth Quakes happening world wide and very useful app..
Very well created app but in my opinion could use some inprovement on how it looks.
I was able to tell how strong the earthquake was and how close it was! Thank you!.
This is a great progam ! Simple to operate and you know what is happing in earth quakes near you..
I love getting the earthquake reorts that yhe new wont report on!.
During our serious 7.3 earthquake here in Alaska the application was very timely, accurate and informative to include the numerous aftershocks we are still experiencing..
we just had a series of quakes and the app updated really fast.
I like the news function, and accuracy of events.
I have used this app for years but I'm not getting alerts anymore..
Great app, very precise with info..
I check once a day. It offers perspective on movements of the earth, helps us understand shifts and vibrations we sense or feel..
It's not showing all the updated earthquakes:/.
Just had an earthquake and no alerts, it was a big one.
Informative and easy to use..
It is handy and yet sobering to see how many earthquakes occur.
Excellent app ... especially the maps and news reports!.
great insite to all the Searles quake activity! nice filters..
I like it, but I want to sent me notifications and is not posible. Otherwise very helpful.
Excellent tool for monitoring plate tectonics.
Keeps stopping. Use to be good..
Works well, though slightly slow over mobile data.
Easy to use and accurate timely information..
Knowing whats going on with all the shakeing happening, this app does a good job doing just that..
Great app, just wish it would give notifications..
Really good app. Provides really good information..
Had 7.0 here in alaska yesterday with hundreds of aftershocks after. Does take 10 minutes to show up on the app after feeling it. Good app..
It works how I want it... informational only. It's easy to set it up how you want it..
Seldomly use this app, but it's good to get the infos what's happening around..
The alert's are too slow..
Very good apps and very good information very useful human being.
Very fast and accurate information on quakes..
Very user friendly and accurate. Thank you very much!.
I truly enjoy using this app. It keeps me well informed about current worldwide earthquate activity. I highly recommend the use of this app..
I like the news about earthquakes. I like earthquake alert a lot..
wish the map was resizable but other than that, it's informative..
Love it. I have to know the numbers when I feel a shake..
Instant info. Great app to have..
Works okay, tells about strength but doesn't warn like app in Japan.
very helpful and easy to access and understand.
Love this app. Excellent and accurate to the tee.
No notifications. I have to open the app and check... Not good.
I got this app after the 5.7 earthquake hit Utah today and it's been a real help.
Easy to use and comprehensive in its content..
This app is not working at all. It doesn't open..
Works great. I really like how easy it is to use..
App isn't working, won't stay open.
App keeps closing. Why?.
Living in earthquake country, this really helps me keep an eye on quakes in our area and surrounding counties/states. Thanks for all the good info!.
Every second counts very good app for real-time updates.
This app is a great app to see if there is any earthquakes around you..
Been using it for years now it suddenly stopped working.
Best app for earthquake tracking and information..
Time to delete it doesn't work anymore just keeps crashing.
Simple yet useful. I'm relying on this app to get info for donggala earthquakes.
I enjoy this app. Its very timely and accurate..
very helpful to keep track of where EQs hit.
Easy list to follow and easy map to navigate.
I hate all the tremors we're having, but I can get almost instant information about them with this app. Thank you!.
It is simple, accurate and very easy to use..
Great nice to know in case of an emergency preparation ..
Great app, a little slow in updating latest quakes.
This is one of the best earthquake alps I have tried,and not intrusive..
I really like this app. Very useful and informative..
not connecting to server. 7.1 in California did not register.
Great app so far just using it some hours ago. But I to give more details I have to use it weeks..
The earthquake app is an absolute must-have if you want to stay abreast of earthquakes around the globe.
Great up to the minute info...easy to use...love it!.
Useful and easy to use and understand.
It is an excellent source of information. Also, it help me to understand the intensity of the events..
Wonderful to see it working again... thank you for your help and fantastic program..
accurate and up to date. Great Map It!.
Accurate, up to the minute local reports..
Nice app. to keep you informed and news reporting..
accurate & informative. I live in earthquake country in AK and need to know what's going on quickly.
awsome app to keep track of earthquakes around the world and around our island..
Doesnt work all the time. I am unable to count on it. When it works it is great.
No alerts and no response from dev..
Cannot determine my location on samsung A7, although I gave location permission..
Just stopped working. What happened? Was the best app. Nothing else like it to compensate..
Not working anymore. Just shuts down. Boo!.
it's ok. wish I could just get notified of quakes in areas requested..
now if it could warn me when one was going on within a set distance to me. Otherwise very informational.
great app let's you know where its shaking and much more . Great..
great app ! i downloaded Shake LA it was no use , I uninstalled it , this one keeps me up to date Thank you.
Very up to date and love the news articles/links.
App not working now used to but stopped.
Great app. Easy to use and very helpful.
very quick response to events, accurate updating.
Not show all. And too late. They copy data from another place.
Keeping up with current conditions is paramount for my work this app is great.
Easy to use. Best App. so far. I've tried others but I didn't like them..
Great app lots of pertinent information right at your fingertips, recommend.
very easy and useful app... five star!!! for this.
Has a glitch now and wont stay open..
Good, fast, reliable info!!!.
Great App. lots of useful tools..
Excellent and actual timing as it happens..
Keeps one more relax to know what happening in other places.
Wonderful app. Very precise and accurate!!.
Easy to read, & fast updates..
What's going on? It has been fine. Now it doesnt work..
App keeps closing as soon as i open it.
Excellent in alerting of a new earthquake and its details.
generally good, wish the date range was more flexible.
Works well.Provides instant updates about quakes in my area..
Like the verbal notification. Good App..
alerts are not working, even though app is getting info.
I like the "real time" frequent updates...I have already turned my friends and family on to this app...thanks.
good to be aware and so convenient and easy.
I live in Ohio, my Daughter in LA. This App helps me understand what She and my Grandson and are going through. The Ground has NOT STOPPED Moving and Shaking since the 4th!.
Works very well, what I wanted. Folliw the directions and all is well.
Great alerts and love the maps.
Keeps crashing upon opening...
Great app but very slow to show live quakes.
Love the map it feature. Let's me know how close quakes are to where I live..
I never realized how many quakes happen every day...I got it after the 7.0 in Anchorage that was very exciting. Now i like to guess how big the aftershocks are..
This app gives me a update about earthquakes all over the planet. It's a good app..
Switched to Earthquake Network because this app stopped notifications ! Goodbye, you are now uninstalled !.
Good app to find information when there is a quake..
Excellent app with links to interesting information.
It crashes when you open it!!!.
Love when it alerts me. Great and easy..
Much better than other similar apps. Great news and update. Keep up the good work..
Great app always get info well before any news bulletin.
easy to and understand. always up to date..
Quick and easy to use! No complaints!.
I had this app on my other tablet, and this app is really great. I am not a machine. Believe me. This app is great..
Simple format. Very useful..
something is missing. it does not gives the alarm..
easiest to set up and understand of all the earthquake apps I've tried.
it's great i can easily tell where the earthquake came from thanks for the great app.
great app for the world and you can just have it show your town!!!.
very informative and up to date easy to use good job.
Its very informative and I'm satisfied with all the data..
Excellent information and very detailed..
Easy to read and understand. Excellent information.
Quakefeed is better but i, thankfully, no longer have an iPhone..
Love the details of size and depth.
very informative, quite concise and easy to read.
Local as well as interesting world wide reporting..
I cannot download the notification app. I wish that this app had notification built into it. other than that it's great..
like it so far wish there was a regional allert you could add for user location.
Very good and easy to undrestand.
Easy to use and information is right..
A very useful and interesting software.
Great App, love its ease of use..
Love it. Very quick to update after a shaker..
It is a great informatic instrument and support..
Keeps me up-to-date with everything and anything involving earthquakes..
Yes!..works great..Much needed in my neck of woods! ( California!!! Earthquake country).
I like it because it shows where in the world tectonic activity is occurring..
great app, always giving the latest information.
Very Good, Love how much effort went into this application..
nice format adjustable for magnitude ,cool map.
I love the App tells every earthquake in the world. thank you.
Accurate, timely information on global events..
Good app, easy to see and use.
an alert or warning shortly after a major quake would be great.
Good app, very friendly and useful!.
Not any good now. No longer getting notifications! That's why I originally ownloaded it. Uninstalled..
pretty nice to have when you want to know if there was a quake nearby.
Nice best app still i watching more earthquakes happening in equatorial region..
After downloading the app, it asks you to download a separate add-on app in order for you to start getting notifications. Then what, after downloading the add-on, will it ask to download an additional add-on? Uninstalling!!!.
use this app every time my monitors shake at work!.
The app does not notify anything you have to open it to check the news feed.
Very good app lets you know whats moving.
Its Crashes instantly upon opening the app.
Just reinstalled it not work for me still.
Easy to use and gets me timely information..
Handy for updates about earthquakes. Wish the map showed cities..
Never announces an earthquake. unless you buy the premium. or whatever they want you to upgrade..
I've used this app for 2 years and it seems to be the best all around...
Accurate and very easy to operate.
So accurate and current information. Amazing app.
The map view is very helpful. Love it..
Informative and easy to customize.
Nice app.....but many time data not loading.
Great. Quick and specific..
It closes by itself. Uninstalled and reinstalled to no avail. Deleting it.
This was my go-to app for years. Now it just closes everytime I open it.
Keeps crashing very aggravating.
great filter options, nice usaer interface..
Fast reporting. Faster than most SF stations reporting the magnatutide..
Very informative, with good maps!.
Great information that will update you on current Earthquakes and Around the World..
great app, loads incredibly fast..
Most Excellent and it updates quickly..
absolutely Love it no problems works like a champ.
Accurate, powerful and easy to use.
No issues, info I want quickly and easy!.
App is continuously crashing.
Was good now it closes app Everytime it opens..
quick information to local and world wide events..
absolutely accurate absolutely mandatory a wonderful wonderful app.
Best of all earthquake apps I have encountered.
Keeps crashing upon opening.
great app to track earthquakes both near and afar..
had no idea the earth was so active ! I check this app every morning, and throughout the day..
It disappears. So I can't see the list of earthquakes..
provides great innformation, allowing one to set the app from cloes to worldwide, along with magnitude the map view is a plus..
What happened to the alerter app? when I go to download it, nothing is found..
quickly brings up imagery and aggregating of the earthquakes. good job!.
Crashing constantly, useless garbage.
i like this app.it gives up to the minute earthquake results worldwide.
Provides real-time accurate timely updates.
So far the app has been accurate and easy to use..
Great app very accurate and fast..
Its fun to look and see if there is an earthquake close to me. Not fun for them tho.
Very acurate, fast and informative !.
Does it's job well and gives lots of information..
it is great, has been helping put a lot with tracking the earthquakes here in California .
Always very interesting to watch the location, strength and depth of the earths siesmic activity..
reliable information. Always up to date..
Needs more feeds stacked. Misses a lot of quakes around the world..
Its really good specially now that it haves me updated with the earthquake from Puerto Rico.
We just had a sizeable earthquake that I could feel it North Hollywood and I didn't get any notice from you guys about it.
Easy to use, good data.
I cannot get the app to remain open to use..
Feel it ?!?;?! The you need this app. It's Quick to give you Magnatuide and Where it was/is !.
app hasn't been working. won't open..
very informative. everything you need on your fingertips.
Very nice, it works like it says it would..
This app lets me see the daily earthquakes worldwide instantly. I like it..
It has given me a 3 or 4 second warning twice..
easy and fast compact informations.
great earthquake app but please fix the notifications app.
very interesting information. very up to date, and real time..
Notifictions not working for weeks reinstalled app..
Used to work as described, but I nolonger receive alerts..
Unfortunately no longer works..
Easy to use. I like the world map feature best..
USELESS NONFUNCTIONAL SCAM. Just had 5.9 near Ridgecrest but the "View recent earthquakes" does NOT show ANYTHING!!!.
good accurate information with quick updates..
This is good to know the latest earthquake in the world i love this application.
It is a good source of information but can be improved.
Keeps me updated on quakes, close or far..
Love it. Accurate and quick.
Great App..I have been using it for years!.
Fast updates and helpful..
Easy to Use. very useful..
I like showing this app to my friends because their always shocked to see how many earthquakes happen in one day.
so far so good! very informative and user friendly :).
App won't load..
Very infomative and easy to use.
It comes in handy when you feel movement..
Notifications broke with recent update..
Great coverage of the eventos and esay to use.
Improved A lot. Does the job. No fuss no muss..
Easy and fast in sending Data.
Works great and lets me adjust setting, Living in So Cal so this is a must have....
Not so good anymore, the app stopped working..
I like the near-real time report..
Useful when aftershocks keep happening..
I've been really happy with this app. I've shared it with my ftiends..
informative. match list to map.
I found this app to include earthquake status near me as well worldwide..
Quick and easy to get information..
Good app...filters are useful.
Good at keeping up with the alerts all over the world.
Always up-to-date information on earthquake occurences worldwide. excelent resource.
easy to use no useless popups good map.
I uninstalled this because it totally stopped working this time..
Very informative, easy to use!.
Works great easy to look up events.
Informative and easy to use.
share this app love this app real time really good coverage thank you.
Grate app news an static are very helpful..
Keeps me informed all the time with interesting details..
All are good, best service..
Nice in the sense that it gives instant information..
Very accurate and easy to use.
very up to date to the minute and accurate.
Great app. Easy to use..
Very pleased with this app.Love that it shoes the miles also.
Very good app, thanks a lot..
This is a very trustable app. I love it! Try it!.
Awesome, just felt an earthquake from Ridgecrest and its already posted.....fast fast fast.
very quick response time..
Makes it easier to track events..
Nice app to track earth quake cases..
Heard it, felt it, then looked at app. Nothing. One minute later notification..
it always gives me pinpoint accuracy on seismograph.
Use to work, doesnt work now. Very disappointed.
This app is great for seeing the changing world in real time..
Cool app, and easy to use..
Perform very well in giving information..
Sucks don't load what's wrong with the app.
great app for keeping track of quake's.
Quick and Accurate !.
Very easy to use and informative..
well, just today, it didn't work when the shopper had substitute items for me to approve.
I like discovering where the shaking might be coming from..
pretty good app but a little slow on updates.
I live in an earthquake area, I like having an earthquake alarm sysyem..
It just interesting to see how many quake there are in a day, week.
Same as everyone else it just stopped working.
simple & easy, details and more.
Very good, accurate and informative..
Amazing app. Sent the informaction to my brothers in Puerto Rico. Their input? They it!.
I live in California and this app is the most accurate and timely I have used. Please get this app if you live in a region where temblors occur on a regular basis..
slow to update but they are accurate.
app crashes everytime i open it. not good....
I don't know what happens but I can't download this app, still loading and i can't never install it.
IT is closing by itself and I cannot use it..
Crashes, fix please..
Just downladed will not open keeps crashing.
After our last 7.0 in Alaska, this is app is great to keep updated.
I like this app because I like following earthquakes in various places.
takes way to long to update. not sure if info is new or old.
Really like this app. Comes in handy..
It's excellent, because the notification it's on time moment.
Great app does just what it is supposed to do..
This tells me what's going in the world, besides where l live.
Quick, accurate and gives me the info I need when I need it. love it..
Great app to keep watch on seismic activity..
easy to use. very informative..
At begin was correct then there are no updates at all...
App keeps crashing what happened.
only one day in, but enjoying knowing what is happening with all the aftershocks near my son's job... I have been able to peek in a second, and know that all is still well..
like the map! good illustration.
This app continued to crash..
enjoyed knowing all the places that are active..
Very easy quality good.
Great educational tool.
Very informative and easy to use..
Thr app keeps closing as I open it..
Enjoy keeping informed. This app is awesome. Thank you!.
Good App! Thanks!.
Pretty accurate!! I love it!!.
Very happy so far but have not yet compared to other apps will update review after i checked other apps and sites .
Keeps closing after update.
No push updates anymore, was my favorite for years.
informative and easy to use.
It gives updates of the earthquakes by the minute.
A good way to find out when an earthquake hits.
App keeps shutting down.
It's crashing. I don't know what is going on.
Is a good app letting us know where are the earthquake are occurring and we live in California..
Good to check when traveling.
The updates are slow.
Notifications. It working anymore...useless app.
I like the service, I learn that other countries are facing the same problem we in Puerto Rico have..
I just downloaded this app and I'm pretty impressed with it. excellent work what more can I say thanks guys.
Really helpful because I am in Puerto Rico now and our house has been shaking with the 6.4 magnitude and we feel all the others that are above 3.
Excellent App, thanks!!.
Easy to use and understand..
Super helpful. Very updated!.
Fast and reliable info.
Could be faster but good.
works ok. but seems slow..
I like the way it's laid out.. I wish there were notifications..
It keeps stopping! Can you fix this please??? .
Excellent way to keep track of up-to-date shakers going on, especially living in Califoria..
This app is very helpful. Thanks!!!.
quick and easy information. links to further info..
So far it been ok. Right now for what Puerto Rico is living it is helping alot. Thank you for this tool. God Bless for creating this app..
Oklahoma Shakes and this app gives me info before my local stations & it is very accurate..
great app. simple and easy.
I have felt a strong earthquake but this app show nothing " wosrt app.
Some delays with alerts..
great app news and a map showing all.
Most reliable earthquake app I have used..
I love this app for watching all the seismic events!.
Impressed. User friendly, alots of details. Good job on sources. Well done. .
Very good like the information.
It gave and update of an earthquake I felt 54 minutes later..
Information is clear and uptodate..
love this app its updated but the stats are kinda not accurate and no notifications.
Fast Updates and very accurate.
Accurate and easy.
The app keeps crashing.
So far is being great and useful in this times of needs in Puerto Rico, thank you very much..
Sometime the app did not notificate..
Surprised at how many quakes around the world! Very informative..
Please add an AMOLED (inverted/night) option....
like how this app works and tells you when an earthquake just happened.
simple but useful tool!.
Very accurate and less space taking app.
I have used this app for years, it is spot on..
Great App. Timely info..
Clean, useful interface. Nice app..
Whats wrong with this app.. not working.
Does not allow searches by names.
totally bitchn. be even better if maps were alittle more detailed, but very cool still.
great app. keeps me up to date. thanks.
Hit and miss with notifications..
Useless. Always crashing (because im from india? If yes that's just discrimination).
Earthquake just happened and I missed it 6/3/20 what happened.
Great app, does its job realy well..
it saved my life I was sleep and then all of a sudden I hear this alarm and then the holes hope the whole house fell down that I can't thank it enough it's just it's just a wonderful thing to know going on about the house part but yeah.
nice app. appreciate knowing what is happening..
It does what it's supposed to do (show latest earthquakes on a map)..
Like to know what and where they occur around the world.
Stopped Working, keeps closing.
Keep updating the report and I will be give you a 5 star.
A good app for earthquake updates.
like the way it updates as soon as there is a new movement i just wish it would give yoi am alert whennit happens.
Alerts were great on target..
Loved this app now it won't open..
Precise in details.
accurate results in an easy app!.
the map feature is great for visual people, thx!.
love it very informational and very accurate.
accurate and fast updates.
Handy app very useful and accurate.
well thought out and organized and accurate.
it is very nice keeps me updated with all significant quakes around the world.
It has been quick and accurate..
Simple app to monitor earthquakes..
works great updates on spot..
shows me what i want to see fast, good app.
Living here in California earthquake country this app keeps me informed. I appreciate the effort of those involved to let us know what's going on.
sometimes slow at updating.
I like it because it keeps me informed when earthquake happens.
Just right, does what I need without a bunch of extra junk..
easy to use, accurate.
I am thrilled with this. Enjoy it almost every day..
no reports on a 4.6 in Alberta, Canada. If USGS doesn't report this, your app is useless to me..
Very helpful,especially for where I live..
This app is informative and terrifying. The earth is trying to shake is off like a dog with fleas..
Very reliable and usefull.
Really good app. Thanks.
App not working as of 06/01/2020.
great app. perfect for what the intended for.
thank you so much. GREAT app verry helpfull ..
Used to work now it auto closes upon opening.
Best App Then Nepal Department of Mines and Geology All Nepalese Should download this for recent Earthquake alert.
Amazing data and on time..
Good and easy to use.
The best tool, before it was anounced on tv..i got the notification.
Great app, very informative" ken h.
Quick and easy to get the information you want..
It's pretty quick and accurate.
great App. easy to use...
Great when you're wondering if what you just felt was an actual earthquake..
More reliable than the other apps..
The I've got 3 earthquake in one week and the app didn't notified me.
I love that when I feel a shaker that I can look it up and see how big it was..
Horrible app doesn't work dont waste time downloading it what a joke.
Clunky "felt it" reporting.
Like the offering of data and flexibility of settings..
Easy to set up my preferred settings. Able to see the location I want to see..
Love this app its always right there! Ready to go!.
Great source of eq info!.
I have this now for a week and is suprised that there so many earthquacks going on daily . Love it.
excellent app! up to date with information!.
Not liking the reasons..but very informative and accurate..
Doesn't even open any more.
wonderful app i love it its so real an easy to use.
I always think I feel an earthquake. Now I can check..
Extremely acurate its helping knowing that it works with the usgs and it keeps me inform on puerto rico status on earthquakes highly sugest it.
Crashing all the time now.
Stopped working all of a sudden!.
It helps me chart and imticipate the next ''big'' one..
Fix your app. it sucks and keeps closing. Shall i delete your app now? Going in 2wks broken app..
Best App for "earthquake alerts".
REMOVE THIS APP FROM PLAY STORE Not getting notification, can't connect wasted my money to UPGRADE, SAYS I'M NOT REGISTERED, WHY DON'T YOU ANSWER MY EMAILS.
Turned onto this app at a Christmas gathering when discussing the recent Quake swarm. Love it..
Keeps stopping then closing.
Im not hoping to hear the NEWS about Earthquakes now, I have the information at my fingertips. THANK YOU VERY MUCH..
Comes in handy for us to see how were affrcted in our area....
Very good App.
Quickly updates delivers the goods.
accurate. easy. useful..
Great app to stay informed..
Very good app... Thanks....
Must important I trust in the application..
This app provides alert for earthquake..
Works perfectly. Just brilliant.
alerts non existent no forewarning what so ever 7.1 quake hit hard Palmdale with no warnings ever..
lot of information on earthquakes. love it!!.
No problems to report now and I am enjoying it..
Does not alert you . I thought I would get a alert if a quake happened. Nope 3 in my area and saw it on the news lol.
Keeps me up to date on all earthquake's around the world and just as important where my family's are..
Worked for awhile then stopped..
Really interesting. Get to check up on the real world daily!.
Crashes, won't open.
very helpful keeping up with loved ones in different parts of the world.
Impressed with Earthquake Alert App.
News about earthquakes yes but nothing else..
Very easy to check.
I've only had it for a few days . But it adds a new perseption of the world out side of weather . I'm 70 so i watch the world through markets, weather now earthquakes. Thank you. kw.
This app has helped calm me down after all these earthquakes near me..
I already know what happend and this app is useful for earthquakes today or last day.
Gives great info. Especially living in SoCal and having lived in Adak Alaska. A island closer to Russia than the US.
Love to know where things are happening. Especially today, we Had a big quake so close to home here in Nevada..
A good app to have to be informed..
I enjoy knowing which areas are seismically active.
When its most needed it crashed!.
Excellent App a real help to us in Alaska!.
timely fashion with great information.
Thanks for this app I Can see updating info where ever I driving.
It let's me know when there's an earthquake..
I would like to be able to shorten the distance in miles as to where I am concerned I would like to see 50 miles a hundred miles 200 Mi something like that the distance is too large.
Need more ways to alert people all over.
super apps for earth quake alert..
Was the best. Now it's trash. Won't open. So disappointed..
It wont open for 4 days now!.
stopped getting alerts on my galaxy s9..
neat app. very quick updates too..
a little slow but excellent.
no issues whatsoever..
Thank you sooo" much great app..
it makes me feel safer knowing i'll be alertedof anything happens..
I do not like this app. It does not allow me to get notifications not even purchased.
Wont work, closes as soon as you try to open it.
enjoy looking up with Google maps an seeing a close up of area in question..
Easy to set up and use.
Love this app. Thank you.
Ideal app for earthquake notifications.
Great ap. Amazing to see how many, their magnitude and lication of the quakes around us..
Was a good app. Now will not open.
Won't open keeps crashing.
Great app keeps you updated on all earthquakes.
Great app very good information..
Very good simple app!.
This is an easy app to use!.
Yesterday I felt the 10:40 it hit on long pine.
Very interesting and useful app..
I like the app and appreciate that it is free..
It good but live alert. Better.
Great app tells you exactly what you want to know.
Great app easy to use!.
Takes some time to update current quakes.
easy to personalize!.
interesting early days though, no new quakes yet.
Have seen most of the quakes in my area.
Great app that keeps citizens informed!.
Great program... Very expansive!.
Accurate and fast.
I guess notifications don't work now?.
Up to date on earthquake News updates from around the world.
Very nice to know wats going on....
I love that it shows you a map of the location.
Great for keeping track of the aftershocks in Alaska after Friday's events. It's nice to see how far they are from Anchorage..
So far so good, very informative app.
Nice and easy to use.
Works great, quick postings.
nice app jist would like to get notification alert like whne is when you get message.
Wish it had alert alarms.
App is not working now days.
informative and easy to understand..
The "big one" could happen any moment... :-\ nice to have this app..
Awesome as I was in LA the last two days and needed real time information.
love this app. Absolutely fascinating!.
Always current and up to date.
Keeps me from sounding crazy!.
Doesn't work. Just shuts down..
Keeps me informed, and me more aware.
Simple but informative app.
This is no real because there were a earthquake today It was 7.1 and it does not tell the real thing..
Very good and detailed information.
Easy and informative.
Interesting app for one living on the eastern side of the ring of fire..
It is really good to monitor the earthquakes around the world..
Flexible and timely.
It's great you can find out where it's happening before it even hits the news.
Easy to use, link to USGS if you want more info. Recommend.
We are fascinated my natural occurrences. this app helps us keep up with the seismic ones..
Glad you got it going again. Thanks..
The information is true and faster.
I've enjoyed the locations of the earthquakes and how strong they are.
Magnificent app very helpful.
Keeps me up to date with sismic activity..
Crashing on startup.
Excellent app. Thanks..
The app reports earthquakes..pure and simple..
Best app for earthquake updates..
Very useful and interesting app..
good to go. informative and doesnt try to take over.
Being updated is very helpful..
It keeps crashing on my s9.
It gives information the news ignores: The increase of earthquakes worldwide. Thank you..
After our most recent earthquake here in Alaska everybody seems to be looking at it because we're still getting aftershocks were into the high 2000's right now so this is a must.
really good app and easy to use.
Had a 4.5 earthquake and never a notice.
Very accurate and informative.
Like how you can put your address in and tells how far away you are from the Earth quake.
Very interesting and accurate information!!.
Good control settings to see what I want..
Better than ever now !.
No notificacin. I can not download the add on.
This does not work on both my devices.
Really nice. (^_^).
No alerts pleaae fix..
Pretty timely and accurate.
Excellent. Easy to follow.
Very user friendly!.
my experience with the app is outstanding.
Best up to date alert app I've seen so far.
fun to check the big booms and see if it is land Excavating Thunder or earthquakes.
Great app wish apps wouldnt conflict with each other.
exelent!!!! fast response after the events.
I love getting alerts It's fast n quick.
It tells me everything I want to know and the information is current..
Keep you alert all the time.
Pretty good . no complaint from me.
Biggest quake day in So Cal in years and the app crashes. No bueno.
Has great live info..
Keeps shutting down.
not intrusive, current data.
Love this, so much info no bull.
Keeps shutting down.
Good app to know and learn about earthquakes..
I like keeping track of all quakes..
right now it sucks! not getting alerts.
I like the app and check it everyday..
I have to use this apps over 4 years ago its working to tell everyone disaster.
Excellent and reliable.
Very helpful and accurate.
Fantastic l like the update.
Cool, accurate, great for paranoia..
Very informative apps!!!!.
Very nice and accurate.
Works as advertised..
simple and helpful!.
refreshes often. up to date.
A great app for keeping up with this topic..
I was shocked at how many there are every day!.
Best quake app out there!.
Good and easy use apps.
great app, very timely.
Good notpfication of earthquakes, location and magnitude..
one of the best earthquake apps you can have..
would be nice if I got actually notifications but other than that, the app is nice.
This Is a great app and so handy!.
it's a list of current earthquakes. seems like it does what it's supposed to..
It's a great informative app.
I really like the alert feature.
Great app. Simple to use.
Quick and accurate.
this app has been with me for 10 years....GREAT.
Good app! Real time updates.
Excelent and precise information!.
Great app for you to know when Mother Earth tummy shakes and farts..
3 because no early warning for other regions..
very nice to have, answers a lot of questions..
nice app for earthquake activity..
I don't get alerts but I can see them.
This is the best app for earthquakes!!!.
Great app. Very useful..
good app to inform about any emergency.
up to date on all quakes...great app..
Very good and quick.
Very good app for alerts.
Freezes everytime asking me for review.
Very accurate & informative.
did not give me an alert on last earthquake even through i have filters on.
Up to date info. Good app.
Love seeing where the quakes are.
DOESN'T WORK ANYMORE. USELESS AND FALSE SENSE OF SECURITY. DANGEROUS.
will not connect to service.
Very accurate, nice precision.
My go to earthquake app..
Excellent real time earthquake updates.
I did not receive any alert for large quake on July 4 2019 ..
easy & accurate as they get yours truly DrG.
It's a good app.
easy and great..
I like it awesome app.
seems reliable so far.
Keep mr updated on every earthquake very accurate.
I would like a sound sent to my device when an earthquake happens in california..
good way to keep track of earthquakes..
Very good at notifications.
I love tracking on Earthquake.
Find it very accurate....
App will not open?.
Easy to consult and accurate. Muito obrigado..
excellent and reliable.
It's pretty good for tracking earthquakes..
good info for emergencies.
AMAZING app. definitely recommend it..
Really updated in all movements .
Awesome job guys. Love your app.
Enjoying it very much..
App stopped working what going on.
It's now fixed.
I love this app..
No alert option.
It keeps crashing.
Fast and Accurate.
I just find these things interesting. we'll see how accurate it is..
Good app, y recomended!.
Very informative and helpful..
It keeps desconecting.
Great nearly instaneous information..
Excellent and veru fast.
Very accurate... and informative...
Very good app Accurate.
It's soo good app for your security .
It shows earthquakes everywhere. Amazing!.
fabulous.....keeps be informed concerning family and friends that may be effected by earthquake activity. Thank you for a great source of information..
up to the minute and accurate.
Good app, show you the earthquakes around the world.
very good and helpful app.
absolutely essential to saving my sanity here in Ridgecrest in the middle of the recent events!!!! Thank you!.
excellent app,on point..
You can't download the separate notification application. Worthless.....
I have to update this app frecuently. It doesnt alarm you at all.
This is a very informative app..
Great app for recent quakes.
very accurate and we've had 2 days of quakes.
Absolutely the best ever. I look at it every day..
It keeps closing on me!.
Much better than Shake L.A.
A very useful information indeed..
great app, works well.
accurate useful and informative..
Very good app to me Alert.
Love to check this daily to know where earthquakes happen in world..
Good app. Works great..
It's a great and usefull app..
This is a useful tool. I like this app..
Great Information source. Let's see where earthquake happens all o er the world. Thank you..
Slow , loos setting.
no longer getting alerts.
great information plus no advertising.
Good and accurate app.
Best Quake app, period..
Good facts on quakes.
Very helpful and accurate.
Works faster than my computer..
awesome map features..
easy up to date readings..
Good no negative problems.
Good, shows milage.
Very informative excellent app.
where is the alerteradd-on? i've purchased ot.. and i want to onstall on another nee phone.
Fast easy simple.
Best earthquake update..
I like it. Very accurate!.
good program.thanks.use it daily..
I have been using this app for some years..It is excellent ..PUERTO RICO.
Very useful, thankyou!.
I've loved this app for years! ..
Haven't received any earthquakes alert lately..
Quite handy, recommended..
great too see ex's area shaking!!!.
I just like to download to check on things..
I felt rhe earth move....no not what you think. It was an earthquake and this app told me all I needed to know!.
3rd classes bad app not showing any earthquake near me..
cool graphics and info.
Perfect app.Thank you.
Fix Your App.
Amazing app, use it daily.
the earthquake alert isn't working to alert the people..
I like it because it alert you of the shakes.
No alert tone.
Accurate. Clear news. Informative.
Doesn't show all the quakes.
Real on time reports.
Good information every day i love it.
Nice visualization of USGS earthquake data.
Top notch, much better than other eqk apps.
This is a fun app that always answers the most important questions in life, what, where, when?.
Awesome app . Best quake app.
Very nice app tells the earthqueak time.
Currently not opening, otherwise it's my favorite. .
Very good service.
precise and head of the news media.
Best earthquake app so far..
it's a good app. no complaint..
Keeps me informed! Great app!.
Great app, accurate.
Almost instantaneous info re Ridgecrest earthquake on July 4, 2019. Very helpful to know that epicenter was 110 miles away from LA..
very accurate and informative.
Great info on earthquakes!.
Good and timly reports.
this app is very user friendly.
great app easy to set up.
love it! very informative!.
App stopped working..
I would like to hear the alerts butvit seems like i have to pay for that.
Good overall and accurate.
Nice app. Informative..
Developer has abandoned this broken app..
Timely and extremely important !.
great tool for earthquakes.
It has to get the names of towns write! .
Good App, works fine.
Failed on loading so uninstalled.
great to have handy..
Like the app always updatting me on where the earthquakes are.
I'd give it 5/5 if it was more timely.
Seems a little slow for data.
Very handy app.
very informative and up to date.
Not sure if it accurate or not but it works.
easy, fast, efficient.
It is crashing.
Very up to date. Informative!.
Stopped working. Uninstalled app. Used to love it..
very informative app highly recommended.
love this app truly a must have especially living in california.
Very helpful app.
does what i want without having to turn on location..
e well made excellent for alerts great.
love this app..its always there.
Good fast information. I'm in Indonesia at the moment, feeling the tremors from Bitung..
Uptodate on current events.
great app, very useful.
This is a great app to have.
Nice app  Very timely reporting  Thank YHWH .
awesome app, keeps one informed.
Great app, love it..
great web site!.
Best app. Keeps me informed.
i like this app is alot better then other apps..
a very good app to have.
Pretty fast notifications.
i just had 7.1 and this help me.
Very informative after an earthquake.
App stopped working.
I love being able to see what the earth is doing at a glance..
Simply good info.
It is addicting tracking aftershocks.
Very up to dste!.
very good app it is very useful.
gives you everything you want in earthquake reporting..
Efficient and clear.
Good app to the earthquake.
Really usefull app Works great.
Accuracy and reality.
Really good reference for quakes reported on the news..
New language add Bangui.......
Great app works well..
always seems accurate.
You need add every city in the country in the usa. And in Europe ..
good but need quicker updates.
excellent source of earthquake data.
I like having it so that I can say yes I felt it as well, and know where it happen at..
Best and easist.
great App.very useful..
It sucks! It's always breaking down so I dumped it and found a better one..
great info and details.
excellent source of Earthquake information.
very helpful and accurate.
very accurate app!.
Keeps crashing fix it will ya.
Great earthquake app..
In progress but good..
Eggcellant coverage,ty.
I would appreciate that it alerts me..
Good update . Good response.
Corona virus keeps killing my app.
Very accurate app!!!.
very informative app..
great app well presented,thanks.
Very good apps..
I like the fact that this app. keeps me informed..
great app to be prepared.
Good clear features.
Very Good Informer App.
No data to SEA region.
Never ending crashing .
Updated info always.
I like it Just wish it had notifications built in.
It takes a lot to get this information, and to present it. Appreciate the effort..
I live in Southern California, when, where, how deep, what direction it came from where it was going, this answers all my questions oh what the ground did, the kind of quake it is. This has it covered, well..
The maps are wonderful.
excellent application love it.
Great app cause I live in Alaska..
prompt and accurate.
Great app to track.
so far so good..easy to understand.
Newly added app but I like it, interesting.
Nice app abd its map wise identification.
Very quick & updated.
update information every hour.
Very useful app..
Good and informative.
Very useful app.
Hopefully you care enough to get it running again..
Gives fast posting!.
Keeps update always.
earthquakes are getting worse. It's nice to know when one hits.
Very good app..
Great App. I love it..
works good with Nexus 7.
I'm in Ridgecrest and wanted to know the strength. This app has given me comfort..
Can't use google map.
Worst app...dnt download...waste time.
still new, but seems pretty good..
Very usefull give corect info.
Very good app!.
Did not alert me of the last 3.4 earthquake..
This app works great..
Best I have used for this kind of app!.
Tool very edficient..
I can't turn notifications on unless I pay.
keeps me updated on the latest quake..
simple app with info.
I absolutely can't live without the precision and dedication with which this app was developed. I live in RIDGECREST CALIFORNIA. I tried three or four others, I'm so thankful to you. I need accuracy in depth, distance and time, and I need it in my face, you gave me that. If there is another app that does that, I don't want to know. Yours is fast and easy to use and understand. Thank you for your time and consideration..
I think this app is a must have, I love it. .
It will continue it won't stop.
outstanding and very nice.
It really helps me know what we felt and what is going on!! 10\10 would recommend.
very helpful... knowing that im not going crazy and I really do feel them...not just my imagination.
The app does not alert.
Really like app..
All I need about earthquake everyday.....
It showes that the scriptures are correct...earthquakes in various places Matt 24.
App doesnt show ANYTHING!!.
Well user-friendly.
good informative app.
Missing earthquakes in turkey!.
seems to be pretty good information..
Couldn't really tell when a quake struck.
Keeping an eye on earthquake locations is important today because they have increased in numerous locations on earth and are getting worse every day..
Helps a lot with all the quaked in Puerto Rico. Thanks!.
I got badly injured in Alaskas' recent 7+ earthquake with its violent movements. I have more respect for our heavenly home. I appreciate knowing what this planet is doing on a days/hours map. I feel this will be my warning system & I can act more appropiately for each incidence ahead of time. For instance, lay still under the covers or jump in the closet under the softer clothing? Or head out! This ap has the potential to save my life someday. Thank you for your caring concern in a public forum.
It is a great app!!.
Delhi at 17;45 hrs today not reported by this app.
Gives you info Right wjen needed Good App..
Interesting to watch the Quakes around the world and see times, in relationship to your spot on earth.
Very good app..
Good app, thanks.
Great app to have.
Great way to get updates.
Good app,keeps you informed..
Quick, to the minute updates.
My Shake..Berkley California University App.. ..MY SHAKE Safe to download The coverage ... u need for State of oklahoma ....they not only have the United States they cover the entire world..the covoversge is remarkable. . try it they advise you every time a earthquake occurs...they notify even if in another country....Earthquakes are several a day somewhere..but they give you notice where .. the map will show .city..size..depth..date and time much more information...
Very accurate..love it...
Good app only gives me the information I need..
Awesome and Informative.
IT HAS BEEN DEPENDABLE AND HAS GIVEN ME GOOD SERVICE ON MY GALAXY S5.
The pro app not working.
this ussed to alert me to earthquakes, it was great. not anymore. I haven't seen any report in about year it seems. infact i believe I payed for the upgrades too. might have to clear up space on my phone again. find one thst will alert me. you would think a 9.3 would show let alone anything over a 5. thanks.
informative and up to date.
does not send alert msg at all.
Easy to use...
This is a wonderful application everyone in California should have it standard and everyone across the world but enjoy us information on geology this is definitely the application for you.
good to know when traveling..
Alerts me on current situation on my island of PR. Very helpful. Thanks.
I am very grateful because I have family in Puerto Rico and the application kept me informed during this crisis.Thank a lot. For the information is great..
As of todas IT's seems to be working good..
This app is very good ten stars.
Must have in So Cal. Let's me know not to head out to the affected area, etc..
I really enjoy looking at the site, especially since I have grand & great grand children in Los Angeles..
Takes quakes to the next level of information for the common man..
It's crazy how earthquakes are constantly happening.
Do not think i am geting all the notifications but other why is I like it..
Earthquake information in real time..
Since I have family & friends in CA, I like to keep track of the earthquake..
Well done not overdone..
Great App so far..
pretty good app. I like it..
Excellent, it is very accursed..
I enjoy this app its very educational.
great app. Peace of mind..
Very helpful for me to check..
This is a very good app.
like it , use it as a conversation piece..
Timely and accurate information. Stops rumors. thanks..
This is my go to when I hear of an earthquake. With family on the west coast, it keeps me alerted to what they are going through..
Very acturate and timely. Comforting as my family is in Alaska. I watch closely..
Very fun app.Thamks I love it.Its fun..
First time i use such application. At least it gv me information...keep it up.
awesome and timely information.
It is nice to know what is going on in our states. Fault Lines are real. I'm not going to bury my head in the sand and say oh nothing is gonna happen. I want to be prepared for anything. I have my responsibilities. I don't want to let them down. I like this app..
Surprised how many earthquakes there are every day!!!.
I like that you give it World Wide Coverage. What happens in one part of the World effects the other part..
no connect in our place some small earthquake.
This is the best Earthquake app.
Not getting updates at all..
Great app...no doubt.
A sign of Jesus presence. Luke 21:11. " There will be great earthquakes in one place after another"....
App works great..
Seen much worse , also seen better.
A few days ago I got it and found it excellent..
Great app.love it.
Excellent App Thanks.
This app is amazing!.
I like to see how many earthquakes. See how close we are to the return of Jesus.
It's a informative app..
Very good to know what happend arround the world at all time..
Excellent and accurate.
Easy to use..
We just had a earthquake this morning I got nothing!.
This apps is very useful.
it does everything I expected it would do.
Just to know the results of an earthquake anywhere around the world its extraordinary..
It's a fair app but somewhat boring.
It's being aware of things that are happening around us that we have no control over knowing is half the battle staying alive that's my goal having family and friends in different areas gives me peace of mind and peace.
I just got it, so I haven't had time to really know it. So far, I like it..
Been using this for many years..
It's an excellent application.
Was the best at one time now its not worth a damn, people just don't care anymore..
Great info on earthquakes..
It's clear and to the point..
Never get alerts.
Great working app.
Since there is so much active world activity now and we have friends and family scattered acroos the world and states it's good to see what's going on..
this site is very up to date, the information gathered here is very useful to those who are followers of current earth movement and condition..
I live in Alaska and this app is way off and inaccruate.
I like this app I know what's going on in the world..
Nice App very Important..
Amazing record of earthquake activity around the world..
The go to earthquake app Period.
I live in Puerto Rico, and it helps what is happening around the Island..
Amazing. Dont think the average person realizise what goes around the world..
Cool app,let's you keep track of the world crumbling.
Great App for me in Calif.
Keeps me up to date on earthquakes around the world..
Accurate, on time, could be the tip off to a Big One..
Is very important for me to get informate about Puerto Rico and the other countries ..
Love it when my house is rocking i just look at my phone.
I think it's perfect!.
What happened it use to work good & there was just a earthquake.
Perfect, except I'd like to know how long it lasts.
Cant get the other part of app..
Fast and accurate.
Great, but i would like to know more in advance to go quickly to the airport to leave to USA, since i live in PR..
I like to see the numbers since Napa had its BIG ONE 2014.
information very good to have.
I like it a lot it's a really cool app.
Like to see what's shaking around the world. This fits the bill.
keeps me informed at whatever level I choose!.
If you need a little drama in your life, download this app. And the astroid trscker... It keeps mt heart in my throat 36 times a day!!.
Most accurate very good.
Live in Cali earthquake country it's very helpful..
Tremors showing but takes lot of time..
Love it it keeps me on track espeially since i live in Ridgecrest and my daughter lives in surpize AZ.
glad to know in real time what's going on... not just locally... i have family all around the world....
Helps me a lot... to know what's going around the world..
Please fix the app.
I like knowing and this app helps.
I like to know what's going on around me this awesome app thanks.
IT doesnt give me more info more that i need and it doesnt work.
Went through 7 pointer this morning nice to know where it was at and the after shocks where located at .....
it's good when feel a little shake and want to know, or sometimes I'm just curious..
can the app bee a little bit better ?? but I like it its good.
With this app I can keep up with my family in Puerto Rico.
this is an amazing app!.
I feel confident knowing what's going on around me..
Let's you know the latest earthquakes and after shock's..
always updated.. amazing!.
Living in Cali, it's always nice to have when you think you feel that "shake"..
Keeps me informed with the after shocks going on in PR..
What happen this app i can't open.
Keeps me informed of the earthquakes happenning right now..
would like to say.....it is and does exactly what you might imagine or hope......thx....
Is good to be able to know wright away how high was an earthquake near were you leave.
Keep up to date on the earthquakes all around us..
FIRST TIME USIN IT SO FAR SO GOOD I LIKE ..
Good useful app.
not much happening lately.
great warning application.
Would be helpful if you updated this..
very interesting and appreciate all the effort you put forth for our knowledge..
my daughter lives in California and we can talk with her understanding this app..
it gives you a lot of good information and with the earthquakes here in California we need something.
I love this, it's one of my favorites and it helps me prepare for the big one. So.Cal..
This App has help prove what the scriture at Matthew 24:7 says to let you know you are living in the last days..
Very nice. I have the information that I need very soon..
Still checking this out. I live less than 5 miles from the San Andreas Fault in Palm Springs, California.
Moron app, didnt show earthquake that just happened in indonesia.
Very good app.
Very helpful... especially living in Alaska.
Very good, keeps me well informed.
I know the earthquakes are over when they are posted, but it is interesting to know where and how big they were..
Keeps stopping..what happened.
interesting to see whats happening in area.
I am in Oaxaca Mex and there was a mild earthquake around 7am today jan. 15th, but not according to the app.
nice and clear updates.
Keep up to date with Earthquake Alert. Keep in the know..
Good info app.
Amazing world information instantly!!!.
I cant even open the app.
Doesnt guve you noritications about the app at all.
I have only spent money on very few apps. These guys deserve it..
love knowing where and when earthquakes happen not only in our state but around the world.
It woukd have been nice to receive notive from this ap today in San Diego with a 7.0 earthquake. nothing.....
Up to the minute data!.
Terrible. Can't be seen. What's wrong?.
It's been kicking me out all week.
After the Nov 2016 quake we followed the aftershocks until they were low enough to put everything back up..
perfection at its finest.
Thank you for the opportunity to have something that I can enjoy but at the same time something for my family thank you.
Well it was late but at least I got an alert.
Fails to start.
You guys do not update the earthquake asap.
It's a very good app..
this is a good app it takes out all the guess work.
Great,I use the app to see how the rest of the world is behaving..
Timely reporting of earthquakes and potential tsunamis. Extremely important..
it didn't Alert me of the earthquake this morning...what happen??.
Provides events around the world. Also get feedback those who felt movement..
The world is shaking...K . now I.
I try to keep up on all earthquakes. since i in the northridge earthquake..
sometimes getting it sometimes not.
Very up to the minute.
Tell about earthquake the moment it's happened..
It has stopped booting..
It is of my interest being a geophysist.
Need be more quicker.
giving me an idea of a bigger earthquake is ready to occur like in california and possibly nevada..
I like this .it gives the idea for 24hours daily around the globe.
Doesnt ring to let me know when it happens.
let me know when a earthquate hit the island. how strong eq and where no..
Very good i like app.
Very interesting app..
Living on a SoCal fault, this app let's me know where and magnitude of the quakes.
Very useful, Thanks.
Easy to use..
I like to know how big and how many we are having..
All i can say is it is good.
Nice to see what's going on thru out the world. Thank you.
Have friends in horrible quake areas, been a great help and comfort..
Feels good to know what is going on around me. feel informed.
Lets us know of quakes before our local news. Great to have living in So Ca..
Only had it a day. Seems pretty cool.
Like the alert let me know when one come.
Works well for what I need..
keeps me informed, aswell as know that i didn't make a quake up. ha ha.
Very interesting to see how many earthquakes there are a day.
I have been in several earthquake and like to keep track of them.
Very Good it gives you the intensity witch is important.
Easy to use..
It has helped me keep up with where family in Calufornia &New Zealand are at re the shakes!.
doesn't notify me till a day later if at all, so disapointed..
Easy to use..
Easy to use..
We really enjoy knowing what is going on around us and in the world. Thank you!!!.
Great info, quick.
Good love the app.
Great for updates.
I love seeing where all the big quakes are all over this earth.
I dont use it very much but for my use I like it..
In the last days there will be an increase of earthquakes!.
i trust i this side and i recoment all of you to aply an trust this side for the last 7 years im use this side for all information an sen it to my friends. im from Aruba .SGMM..
I'm a 75 year old female I truly would love to be able to get a little time thanks.
Not working safe.
VERY GOOD. ONE OF THE BEST I HAVE USED. O8/15/19.
I gave it 4 stars just because I'm not 100% certain about the app.
The application keeps me updated..
it's great to know where and when these earthquakes are happening.
I need to hear the sound of emergency,.
Really helping my team and I here in southern PR.
A lot of Information.
I find the qiake history interesting..
there's no push notifications.
Lile being able to see what's happening in California would like alert if felt in my area.
Very good app.
Great. Informs you exactly in the moment.
I rely on it. Very happy with it..
it's good to know I'm not imagining the ground moving.
Good information. I have led others to this site..
Only America is shown with the smaller quakes, I need yo see all Australian seismic activity.
Straight to the point!.
Great way to stay updated with earthqueakes.
they give the news fast I wants to know about last night in El Salvador.
nice ap but I've tried to "felt it" and doesn't save?.
helps me to know whats happing at my friends in California..
This app works great.
I just think its awesome.
Lets me see close( in my area) to around the world..
I got the app to keeptrack of my kids near the earthquakes in Alaska..
Updated info is great..
keep on crushing after may 2020 android os updates.
This app is good..
i really enjoy it znd the information on the ring of fire.
easy to understand!.
Good to know what happened around the world..
Great app, thx UL.
very useful when need to know. in a hury.
better than shake alert la app....
Gives me what I'm curious about so, I'm happy..
very good  and I don't have any money to pay for the car and the other one is not a good time to come.
tells me every thing i want to know after we have a quake .
It's brilliant!!.
Gets the quake details quickly... so far, no Big One!.
Very good up to date information..
Awesome to know how and where are the earthquakes....
works great so far.
Thanks for all the information that I need..
very accurate. thanks.
Love The Detailed Info.
Q 3A: DID U JUST FEEL THAT TREMOR. IF NOT, THIS APP DOES..
yes. should report the rest of the quakes yall havnt reported as much as you can.
Love this app..
Love the app!.
This is a cool app.
give accurate message.
I like knowing where the earthquakes/tremors are and the strengths.
Recommend to all my friends in Utah.
I don't like earthquakes I like to know what's going on.
Great to keep us informed!.
Is good to see all in math.
thank s it gives us an insight about the frequency of Earthquake occurrence accros the globe.
Good alert for safety.
Didn't alert for Puerto Rico's last knight earthquakes..
Works great for me..
Won't open now!.
good App, this show me the exact time and place.
Almost accurate! Good job guys, thanks a lot.
im surprised when earthquakes happen in the US Aand other parts of the world where i have friends.
I needed a point of reference. now i have it ..
Such will not work.
Love this app!.
Fast and accurate for Southern California..
great way to see what is going on hete where i live an where we are from Ridgecrest.
It iliminates rumours as the information is reliable..
I like knowing what is happening.
Let's you know what earthquakes in area of we're you are.
I happy for this app, couse talk me about whats earthqueke happene in the world.
love to know where the quake happened and the magnitude of the quake.
keeps me in touch with the worlds earthquake activity.
I Live In Puerto Rico and Just Had 6.0 Earthquake + 15 Small One in The Past The 24 Hours.
Where do you find the alerter app?.
Will let me see whats happening in PR.
Posts all earthquakes..
Straight to the point no BS.
it's an important tool to have to know what's happening around the world.
2 times now it doesnt show the earthquakes in Athens.
could not find a better program for its job.
I like to know about earthquakes in my area.
it has made me aware how the earth is alive..
Have not received even one alert.
Im feeling every one of them in SLC.
since July 4th, it has been spot on....
shows earthquakes around the world their severity time and location.
Tells me wat I need to know..
Does not work.
Perfectly helpful.. 100% as per my need .. Thanks admin...
This is my go-to for earthquake info..
i like watching what goes on around the world.
This app can warn you for an upcoming earthquack that is inimment.
THIS APP ACTUALLY WORK IT ACTUALLY TELLS YOU WERW EARTHQUAKE HAPPEN AND HOW FAR WERE THEY AND HOW FAR ARE YOUR FROM THEM.
Once I set it for me. perfect .
pretty good just installed have to give me some time.
Good easy it give me what I want.
It's helpful.
Ir stopped working..
have lots of family in at area chance the Monitor and pray.
It tracks earthquake activity around the world.
Not working as of june 1st.
Like it to see nearest earth quake..
good app to have keeps me updated.
Tried other similar apps this one the best.
This is god to have.
Good...very accurate!!!.
Does what is expected ..
To know whats going on!.
Crash and  what happened.
it was great and helped me out allot..
very best application..
helps me feel at ease to tell you the truth.
Shows what I need to see..
Very very good. The Best.
It gives me tbs earthquakes in my area.
Rely on info!!.
this app is not openining.
awesome  helps me figure out what is going down.
I love it it's great to know.
Nice! instant updates!.
great to have this at my fingertips..
Is very good job.
Just trying it so far very good.
very informative and intriguing..
Very very very very good.
Good I like this app.
love it, very interesting.
It has just enough information you need..
Lets me keep tabs on all the rumblings in Alaska.
It's great for what I need..
I hope it helped me with Tom come at my location.
help me alot to know when an earthquake happens.
I can totally depend on the information..
Nice thank you god bless,, amen.
It is a great app.
Keep me updated.
Doesn't work.
dowloaded to check on my family in CA...great ap!.
Dont want to open.
Awesome 2500 earthquakes a week around the world.
your failing WTH, 7.1 10 MINUTES AGO AND STILL NO INFO.
dosent update quakes.
gives information as it happens..
Gives me what info I am looking for..
So far excellent job you guys!..
Still going through the learning process..
Just a very interesting app.
It doesn't show all earthquakes..
Let's me knowing the whole earth status..
All the info anyone needs for earthquakes..
What a learning experience !.
I appreciate the information..
Up to date information.
Does not have satellite map.
Shuts down... Useless.
It's the best that I have use so far.
Awesom up to date information.
Easy and a good.to have..
Like it very much.
one of the best apps i've downloaded.
Good enough to see what happened afterwords.
claims i don't have internet when i do!.
always up to date!.
has everything I need to keep up to date.
Very accurate, thank you so much.
Easy to understand, updates soon after a tremor.
Good and tast info on quakes.
DO NOT USE SHAKE ALERT!!! USE THIS APP.
Love this app.
ok. it needs more information though.
very good very good.
Excellent...immediate results.
It won't open.
Just had a 4.7 lets see how good this works.
I get quick responses & if necessary Evacuate!.
This app keeps me informed.
gives me the need to know information.
it stays Current and updated to inform me...
so far pretty accurate..
moved to alaska islands. it is a needed ap.
Keeps me informed.
definitely feel safer..
yep, it tells you about earthquakes.
keeps me up to date on what's happening here now.
it's good to know for when the big one hits..
let me no where when a earthquake ta near my family.
One of the best...
Just what I needed.
Works very well..
Does job your looking for. Dan!.
For California it's nice to know..
just got it , give me a few.
"My CORONA" virus..
Ponce, PR alerts experience.
gives me the information I am looking for..
the best earthquake app....
Keep up the good work..great .
Works for me.
Does exactly what it says it'll do.
Not getting notifications.
Good and fast.
The best one.
Very usefull info..
IT keeps crashing.
great can keep tract.
I recently got this app ..
awesome. really quite informative.
nice to see what is going on around.
Love it,so interesting..
Love the app!.
I can check the truth of the eartquake.
very accurate. thanks..
Keeping an eye on fragging quakes in Ok..
Everything I need.
keep us up-to-date on earthquake.
Great job you all keep up good work.
Common Sense app!.
unless, does not work..
Will not connect..
Its a Great App to have ! ! !.
Helps keep me sane.
Shuts down constantly.
Keeps me informed of any development.
I enjoy being informed..
didn't give me a notification.
exelent information on time..
kind of scary but worth being informed.
great information about world activity!.
Definitely keeps you updated!.
The information you need at the time you need it.
Very informative. Good job!.
Great information be aware.
Keeps me up to date..
really helpful information..
Love this app..
I love this app!.
it for some reason gives me comfort.
Baptist not come on my phone why I asked.
Very well explained.
Quick update right after.
Need pop up notification.
tells me what I want to know.
very good information..
What is your earthquake alert?.
Use this ap often.
Love the experience.
Good info about the latest aertquakes.
Thankyou for keeping the public informed.j.
Can you get the app.to till of Q befour they happen.
the best app ecer pls trust me it works perfect.
pretty cool app. good so far.
Keeps me informed right away..
Pretty good app.
it is very useful..
this good to see were there arr coming from.
Does just what I need!.
so so far it's doing well.
this app is what you want.
you get up to the minute data.
Good to know what is going on around..
No longer works.
its really good works great.
great to save lives..
Michael yuri janitch is my hero.
Its a lauru app.
Brilliant very informative.
I get the information in real time.
I like the information.
i need earthquakes in my area of the U.S.
It's a very good..
my favorite install it on everything!.
app can be moved to external mempry.
VERY HELPFUL ; JUST IN CASE :).
Not accurate information..
Very good i loved.
to much bug.
not now watching a good movie.
great, keeps me up to date..
verry informative and interesting.
Maintain me in form around the world.
Seems to work good..
It's great.
I like thes app.
does what its suppose to well..
Let's you know of daily earthquakes.
keeps me up to date....
does exactly what is expected.
Thought I would get an audable alert.
nice to have living in california.
Very nice app.
Greatful for information.
is a cool app.
Pls provide alert when earthquakes come if possible then.
so glad for all the updates.
it tells you when earth quicks are coming.
great up-to-date information.
it does what I expected it to do..
Good to know about earthquake soon.
Perfect on time.
Useful info thxz.
it is a good app to have.
keeps me more informed then the news.
GOD bless you.
Love this app.
Love this app.
Quick info check on quakes activity..
its a little slow like real time imfo.
so far very accurate.
Great earthquake app.
love this app !!!.
good information with this app.
Nice when I need it..
very precise monitoring.
It's great for its purpose..
it is good for what I want to know.
Great it'll save your bacon..
like very much thank you..
very awesome with the information.
what I wanted in an app.
did not alert me ..
works very well!.
very update info..
the app shiws all size earthquakes 1+ and up.
Its just cool.
I Enjoy This One.
like seeing how many earthquakes.
works really well..
nice app very useful.
ok app, better when on a I phone.
slow to update.
does what its supposed to.
Getting there almost as expected.
it's pretty good so far.
good app good app.
keeps me up to date.
Works great for me!.
love the app. kees you updated.
One of the best.
Not as good as others.
Enjoy having the information.
Excellent--up to date.
my go to spot for earthquakes.
x. as. x. u. x c,dzc.
Worst thing that i have ever try.
There when I need it..
I like it..
So far it worked for me.
because of earthquake in borneo last year.
love this app.
super helpful. Thanks.
it's acceptable....
It helps me to be aware.
That tells you exacly the time.its great.
This is a great app y lo ve t.
awesome, simply awesome.
This is fascinating.
best up to date info of all.
Good app for the geologically curious.
Green is my favorite color.
So far so good.
Ok like the apps.
its great for god to save us.
So far so good.
this application is good to use.
great to use..
up to the moment.
I really like this app..
i like this app!.
LOVE THIS APP!!!.
It doesnt connected..
yes app is good.
It's the best.
I recommend this app.
Good, timely info..
Does what it's supposed to..
Love this app .
Please Update Asap.
Thank you for info..
whole bunch of shakers !.
I love this app.
so far it has been useful..
just installed the app works greaat.
The program is good.
A friend introduce me to it.
Handy for world travelers.
not an early warning app..
Use it every day.
g it ve this a run it coukd da be e your life.
best of the ones i tried.
It have me information quickly.
Have a good day...
keeps me up to date..
didnt wrk well in Inland Empire.
I love this app ..
It is useful.
easy to understand.
It tells me what I want to know.
Great. Job well done..
very well done..
Im not receiving notifications.
yes earthquake happen.
was grate but it changed..
need to improve.
This app "rocks".
Great so far..
Very accurate information.
Just what I needed.
doesn't work.
it's awesome.
I love this app..
Love the noticez..
Interesting if your into Geoscience.
Pretty decent app.
quick, eady to read..
just a nerd about earthquakes.
it's an earth shaking app!.
seems to work great.
Like this app!.
Good recent results worldwide.
More up dated.
nice app to use..
love this app!.
Does the job..
it is very good.
Seems to work..
I love this....
Provides quick accurate data.
Excellent alert. To.
It is awesome.
Good fast information....
This app is good.
Good for this moment.
keeps me posted....
I fart in the shower.
very interesting not bad.
Inform us as needed without adv.
getting timely info..
this app is fantastic.
this is a quality app.
I like it no issues.
Handy app to have!.
Doesn't work.
It is a great app.
so far so good.
easy to use.
so far so good.
very good information.
Very useful to me.
Thank you for app.
so far so good.
so far so good.
very good information.
Good info. Tqvm.
Like a lot.
like to kmow whats going on.
It's just incredible..
could find earthquakes near me.
it did not work.
The moving all over.
Great to have.
Very updated information .
nothing much too report so no .
working good so far.
excelent very informative.
one of the best.
Good to go.
App is ok..
Easy to use.
ape keep me save from earthquak.
the fastest one !!!.
Best quake app.
Hey it stopped working.
Thank U... Great job.
very much information.
really liked this app.
easy to use thank you.
thank you caltech usgs.....x.JPL employee Eric.
My go to app after quakes.
Ibused before and is good.
Thank for keeping us inform.
The best app.
They make no sense.
can be trusted..
the app is good.
up-to-date information.
i love this app.
Good in-fo..
better than other.
more than ever expected.
this app is good .
awesome and information.
It's not accurate.
It's a good app ..
Love this app.
Does NOT give any WARNINGs.
In Time Photography.
So far so good!!.
is not functional.
Does the work.
It's a great app.
its a great app.
amazing I love it.
its cool yiu could track earthquakes.
excellent very informative.
keep me updated.
BOBE DANNY GUTIERREZ LATINO GUY IN LONG BEACH CA.
Easy to use.
Lots of data..
educational keeps me posted.
good very helpful thank u.
Good so far.
good to remain up dated.
knowledge is power thx.
Not bad i like.
Easy to use.
Easy to use.
Keeps me informed.
Easy to use.
works as described.
The time ita not correct bro.
not verified yet.
trying it out.
Nice app for tsunami.
GOOD yo know the states and City.
love it works supper supper.
nice app i like it.
best 4 earthquake alarm.
I love this app.
Not what I spect.
I like it..
I like it!.
It's very nice..
does what it suppose to.
Love this App.
good information thanks.
keeps me updated.
Doesn't alert you.
So far so good.
works very good.
east to navigate.
Need option specific county.
upgrade more details please.
i like details.
function very well.
Best of the best..
VERY GOOD.THANKS..
Handy while im in anchorage.
VERSITALE SETTINGS, QUICK INFORMATION.
Keep it up!.
keeps me aware.
very nice app.
very good app.
I like it!.
the very best app.
wow that awesome.
Good it's rockin.
Great accurate info.
Great information FAST.
very good reference app.
So far so good.
Nevada felt it.
new so far good.
It's okay..
you.guys.are.good.
love the info.
Very accurate n.
accurate and timly.
GOOD ONE APP.
yep it working.
not properly update but .
A GOOD APP .
Prompt and uptodate.
Like it john.
its nice App.
it keep u alert.
very good app.
very good app.
real nice APP.
tq for important info.
is a goog amp.
Easy ti use.
Cant alert me.
avery good healp.
wonderful followup tool.
I LIKED SO MUCH INFOR ME.
very informative awesom.
i love it!!.
i love this.
Exellent thank you.
worse app ever.
Wel uptodate information.
it is helpful.
Yay it wrx Yay.
i love it!.
I have used it for several years. It is useful, reliable, efficient and easy to use. I can't recall it ever being 'down'. Great to have in southern California. 6/3/20: Like many other users here have indicated, it has suddenly stopped working. Opens, then immediately closes. 6/7/20: Problem fixed, thank you..
Updated 2020-06-14: Apparently the issue was some bad data. The app is working perfectly. I am quite happy with it. It displays what I want in a minimalist way. Now extra stuff to sift thru. I highly recommend it if what you want is the near real time list of earthquakes in your area..
June 2020: I was a bit frustrated with the push notification feature no longer working, but after trying several Earthquake apps while this one was down for a bit this one is, hands down, my favorite. Its simple and easy to use. Not cluttered or overcomplicated..
Was bugged until recently, but glad the fixed it! App is quite simple, straight forward and for a Chilean where we have plenty shakes now and then, this is a good to have app all the time.
UPDATED WELCOME BACK!!!! What happened to the regular Earthquake app?? I deleted it to reinstall because it wasnt working and now i cant even find it. This app also stopped sending me alerts. Whats going on .
 Great app... When we had a tremor here my jaw was still hanging open in disbelief when the app confirmed what I thought I felt!.
Simple but tons of features. Quake info is up to the minute within 1.5 minutes I had notification of 7.1 EQ in 2019 that I am 32 miles from epicenter and every aftershock I was able to determine which ones we felt and understand why some we felt and others we didnt. Very helpful dealing with aftershocks and ability to understand them. BEST APP IN PLAY STORE for being RELIABLE AND HELPFUL.
3 YEARS 4 MONTHS NOW!!! STILL WONT ANSWER MY EMAILS!!!!!Company will NOT ANSWER ANY EMAILS!! Do NOT get this app. Been trying for a 3 YEARS to get a response. Typical anymore...I just realized he is from California, explains it all .
Update: the app is working again. The pro version is gone. Ill wait to see if push notifications are working. ----------------- I am reducing my rating because it's not notifying me anymore. No delay, no time gap or refresh problems. Just nothing. Map still works..
Informative, current, concise. The map link is very helpful. The news links have stories on preparation I missed. What I looked for in an app. The second app I add when I change cells. Links fixed..
Looks like this update worked. Seems to not close every time I'd go to open the app.. Though I never went down on the 5 star rating cause I've been using this app. for years and never really had any issues until the last few days. It happens to most every app.. Thanks devs..
I changed my review; with new update the app seems to be working great again. Very helpful, great source of information..
Does not work anymore. No more alerts. What happened to the pro app that I paid for to enable notifications?.
App has been fixed. Works great, review updated. Once again has great maps and data links. News has improved. More links appear scientific but done are more sensational than science based. As a science professional, I question some articles. Samsung phone and tablet..
The app is working again as of this morning 6.6.2020 Thank you very much for all the work to get it back up.
I have enjoyed the accuracy of this app since 2014 with only one glitch in 2020... Thank you Developer!.
This app was great for several years but now it keeps closing as soon as I open it. Sure wish they would fix this. They fixed it..
Desperately needs dark themes..
You used to be able to see the map as the whole earth, but they changed it to view only as a zoomed in map..
The app is fixed and now working great.
Very useful!.
Appears to be working again..
Excelente. Se mantiene actualizada con lo ltimo en poco tiempo..
Finally, the app is fixed! Works well now.
Working again Jun 05.
Thank you for fixing this!.
Still not working... Do I still need the the pro ad-on?.
Woo hoo, it's working..
Yeah, app is fixed.
About 4 minutes off but good to say where the center is..
Thanks for the update! Working great! My favorite app!    .
Fixed. Works well..
Yay, best earthquake App is up and running!.
Keep stoping.
I like it.
.
Alert Mizoram.
App crashes.
Great app!.
Great app!.
Perfect app!.
Best earthquake app.
Good app!!!.
nic.
Great app..
Very good..
Im happy..
Great!.
Excellent App.
Very good.
Great info.
Very good.
Excellent!!!.
All good.
Nice app.
Very good.
Too good.
very good.
Very accurate.
Goof.
Great.
Exelent.
Excellant.
Good.
Excellent.
Excellent.
I've been using this app for several years and it has worked great. About 2 months ago it quit alerting for some reason. I've uninstalled it plus the pro version and reinstalled them but it still doesn't work. I've sent feedback emails to the developer twice and haven't received an answer and there haven't been any updates. Maybe something happened to him..
UPDATE: dropped to one star. the "alerter" add-in and the "alerter pro" (paid) add-on apear to have been removed from the Play Store, and notifications no longer get delivered by the app. Down to one star, as developer seems to have abandoned the notifications. ---- ORIGINAL REVIEW: Great app, runs smooth, and does everything it promises. I just wish it had a distance filters greater than 3000 yet less than worldwide..
I've used this for years on different platforms, but the last Galaxy Note 10+5g update killed it. It won't even open. A very good app which collects and displays recent quake info. Works fine on my HTC Rezound, but I wish the app allowed me control ove the magnitude font size on the map. SO hard to see -- too tiny!.
Nice app but I noticed in some countries it doesn't post info on all significant quakes. I suspect that in some countries it may not post any info at all... Edit 6/3/2020 - Seems to not open or work anymore. I noticed other reviews about it but I won't change my rating. It was good when it was working...hopefully this doesnt mean that it is discontinued now. Thanks for all your work, but for now, I may have to look for another..
Great app! UPDATE: Please fix! The app keeps crashing and I've sent a report but no action. Going to give it one more week and if it's not fixed, I'll look for another app. I'd rather not because I'm pretty loyal and it's been otherwise great. Final update: time for a new earthquake app. Keeps crashing..
Unfortunately app no longer gives you push notifications  sadly the Alerter Addon is not available nor supported anymore  ****** This is a most wonderful help to me as I am studying earthquakes from a religious standpoint. The Bible says that in the end time, (that's now) earthquakes will be more prominent. They will be more in number and grow more intense. (Like labour pains on a pregnant woman). I can plot the changes in recent times and see the relevance of this sign of Jesus soon return..
kind of *cynical* & *greedy* to delay QUAKE reports & notifications by twenty minutes (or more!), unless you pay for "pro"... the originatiing reporting sources are FREE IN REAL-TIME. charge for so-called "news," if you must; BUT DON'T DELIBERATELY RETARD FACTS ABOUT REAL-TIME QUAKE REPORTS & NOTIFICATIONS..
I've had this app for years and it HAD been reliable and accurate. I even paid for the Pro version so I could set up and receive custom notifications. I'd receive notifications quickly and with important information regarding any nearby quakes. However, for the past few months I no longer receive any notifications - just as many others are reporting. Until this is fixed, my rating moves from a 5 to a 1..
Like many other people have experienced, this app crashes (won't open). What the heck happened?? Was working great until this last week. I'm ready to uninstall it & look for another earthquake app. Please fix or remove it all together..
Been using this for years, great to show what is going on globally earthquake wise! Edit: just not getting any alerts any more, only what I see when I open the app. The connect function for alerts seems broken and the link to the paid version of the alerter is not valid on Google Play any more. It is a shame, I have been using this for years with fairly timely alerts, now this part looks to be broken recently..
2019-12-23 It is broken. I thought it was due I upgraded my phone to a Samsung S10+ with Android v9 but it seems the alert server is no longer connected. Can't connect to it using the accessory alert app. Three big quakes this morning within my alert range and magnitude and not a peep. It used to be great..
I originally gave this app a BIG 5!! I have been using it for a few years and thought it was awesome! I paid for the pro version. Now there seems to be problem with the notification portion of the app and I have notified the owner of the app several times and gotten no response. If I had not paid for this app I would uninstall it. I no longer recommend this app in it's current condition..
Great app, have tried so many other apps over last few years for keeping updated on earth quakes, but none matched this. Thanks. Update: taking down one star, because after the recent update, the app is unstable..
Dont mind the ads. Hate having t o subscribe to all the news outlets to read news. It makes it totally useless. If i wanted info from ny times id subscribe directly..
Use this app every single day. It's wonderful! Update 4.19.20 stopped working very sad uninstalled reinstalled just spinning  May 29 installed last week crashed May 28 uninstalled today....
Not ace. Two years later and I feel you call this app earthquake no alert. I have bothered to tell you in an email and the alerts started for a day and stopped. Why offer the notification service when it obviously doesn't work?.
I have been using this app for several years and I think it's the best app out there. But I had to uninstall because it kept stopping and and not working. I reinstalled it and I'm still having the same problem ..
I used to love this app until it stopped working. It crashes all the time now. I thought by uninstalling, then reinstalling, it might help. Nothing helped, sadly to say. I will uninstall again and repeat the process to see if just maybe, it will begin working again..
I still love the app but you've gotta fix it. Not sure if it was an Android update that broke it but please fix it.
I rarely get any of the notifications I set up. Shouldn't have bothered going pro. Looks like developer has given up on it..
Please fix the reports... every time I try to open the info on a quake, it kick me out and shuts off...it's a Great app. I love it. But is stops working please fix.
This is my daily go to for Earthquake, weather, and any other natural occurrence on planet earth. I used it daily then it quick working. i emailed thrn but with no luck..
App is crashing, and today there was an earthquake here. Left in blind. Please fix it. I will still rate 5 stars because all along it worked great..
Loved this app, however it no longer works. I have not received any notifications of earthquakes in months. I have installed this app on every phone I've had. Now it simply takes up space. Hope it get fixed. Will have to uninstall soon if it doesn't..
Can you make near me customizable by miles, 1,5,10,20,50? The current near me looks out over 100 miles and is obviously not near me for a lot of quake info at that distance..
Unfortunately, what so many others are saying is true......the alert notifications on the add on app no longer works. You no longer receive push notifications. Used to be a great app. :(.
I JUST LOVE IT & KNOWING WHAT IS EXACTLY GOING ON AROUND THE WORLD REGARDING EARTHQUAKES... IT'S JUST FAR-OUT..! I'm Always monitoring, JUST KNOWING WHAT IS GOING ON..! THANKS..!.
Earthquake info arrives fourty-five minutes after. It provides info on the quake that occurred with news. Lists global quake info on other regions. The alerter does not work at all anymore..
Been using this app for a few years in conjunction with another similar app. This app is just okay. I'll get an alert and open the app, but it says "no earthquake ... or higher detected" within my filters. I have the alerts set right. Also the 1000mi radius ain't bad as I live in CA so I have the whole state set. Edit: Still does it and more often than not. Will rate 5 stars once fixed..
It would be perfect... but It would be nice to get alerts for 2. mag in free. But I get ya'll need to have some financial support. so all in all , great free app !.
good but stopped working can't connect ....FIX THIS.. WHEN i get new phones I always go to this app and now in critical times i /we that use this app Need it to work ! Please work with us ! help will you please FIX ASAP!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Update your app make it work at 2.0.
Does not show alerts and I've paid for the update. 28-08-2019 STILL DOESN'T SHOW ALERTS, VERY ANNOYING. PLEASE SORT IT OUT..
Have had this app along time. Really liked it,but lately it's been crashing more often. Wish they would fix the bugs..
I had previously rated this app five stars easy to use and just what I needed but this is the 3 time I've had to re install it and it keeps kicking off. This app is no longer in service.
Been using this excellent app since 2011 on various devices,most recently Samsung S9. However, have now upgraded to Samsung Note 10+ 5G and Notifications no longer work. Uninstalled and reinstalled all to no avail.Anyone have this issue and now has resolved ? Still notifications on S7 Edge and the S9. Notifications for other apps are working fine.
I keep track of earthquakes because I live real close to Yellowstone. I find this app quite helpful in case I need to jam..
App no longer works. Not sure it's even being maintained anymore. It's a shame, as this was the best period when it came to earthquake alerts..
Ever since I moved both apps (pro) on my new device (pixel 3xl) I'm not receiving any notifications at all! Any clue?.
Have tried several and this alerts in real time. A little slow to alert. ..really good. Keep improving it please!!.
Alerts no longer work, tried changing settings and reinstalling nothing works. Whats going on?.
Notifications no longer work. Developer is unresponsive. Am seeking refund for Pro version through Google Play..
The app keeps crashing when opening. Must have made an update recently that has some conflict..
Unstable again, crashes immediately...it did this before but stopped doing it as suddenly as it started... not the phone.....
please add a fault line finder to your app asap..
Notifications have gone missing now, why is that and why can't I connect to server anymore??.........
Living less than 2 miles from the San Andreas fault, this app is very helpful. It even reported a small shake on my own street..
Sadly this app is no longer working, no alerts... I guess it's been abandoned... .
Used to be an informative app. Now it crashes upon opening. Hope it gets fixed.
Excellent. Very informative and interesting What happened? It was a great, informative app. But now it keeps shutting down. Wont open. Please fix..
Stopped working, deleted and downloaded again, no longer works. Says it keeps stopping. This occurred after last Android update!.
Immediately shuts down when app opens. This happens with tablet and phone. Will need to uninstall and find one that works. .
Usually very good app but for some reason not working at the moment. Please fix  Not working again.
Excelente pero deben de ponerle sonido a la hora de registrar un temblor y notificar en un tiempo prudente y no dos horas despues!.
I used to use this app DAILY but now it CRASHES within seconds of me opening it! Please fix!.
Was my favorite, had to uninstall, stopped working, kept on crashing..
Downloaded the app. Great app but your free alerter app doesn't connect to it's server making this app absolutely useless.
Me gusta esta app pero no me enva alerta al celular cuando tiembla la tierra con ms de 5 grados. Pero lo dems excelente..
Apparently there is an error in the application. It doesn't allow to open the application..
Needs to be updated for Android 10. Notifications no longer work..
App keeps crashing now can't even open it .
Thank you for this app. Its so easy to use I never knew there are so many earthquakes around the world everyday..
This app was great--this app stopped working properly won't stay opened. 5/30/2020.
No longer works. Crashes upon opening. Out of business..
First thing I look at every morning..
I'm no longer getting alerts. I've tried deleting them and reseting them...still no alerts. Please fix..
My favorite app for breaking news!.
Valla Peuelas,Tallaboa....jijijiji Vctor R. Nos a ayudado mucho para nuestra familia en Peuelas....nos avisa rpido y preciso...la recomiendo.
Reinstalled as keeps crashing still crashing!.
Es muy bueno me mantiene informado sobre todos los temblores que pasan y me mantienen en alerra.
Es importante estar al dia con la informacin de temblores Esta aplicacin me a gustado.
Es muy buena y me dice con exactitud donde ocurrio el temblor y la magnitud.
Muy positiva. La informacin del lugar, intensidad, hora, es buena. Faltara tiempo de duracin del cismo. Gracias.
Informative Best information, easy to use, best site ever to get information since the information comes as soon as they get the quakes information..
This was the best earthquake app .but i think it got the cornhole virus an died ...... app crashed please fix.
Love keeping up with all the earthquakes..
Brega pa cuando t isla le da ganas de bailar cada hora en guanica .
Constantly shuts down. Annoying!!.
i have used this app for nearly 5 years and it is very easy to understand and navigate through. ..very informative and important information..
Started crashing in the past week .
Doesn't load or work anymore.
After two years I still love this app. in 2020. Easy to use, check it out daily as I live in California..
por que te mantienen al dia en el momento de los acontecientos..
sangat mengejutkan ,rupanya byk kejadian gempa bumi yg berlaku .. app ini sgt membantu .. recommended.
Es buenobpweo se esta tardando en identificar la magnitud de los temblores.
muy bueno y muy servicial mantiene al tanto de lo q pasa.
Es una aplicacion que es eficiente y avisa con prontitud. Confiable. .
Accurate and with family in So. Cal. It keeps me updated and know who to calm down first..
nothing better than having an idea of what is going on seismically. 5 stars years ago and holding....
App will not open Uninstalled/Reinstalled.
Keeps closing now everytime I open it deleting app.
Haven't really tried it.
Interesting to be ahead of the news on these endless natural events. 5.5.12. Same now..
I am NOT getting alerts!!! .
Excelente y muy precisa, provee informacin actualizada..
No tiene alerta cuando ocurre el sismo.
Muy precisa la informacion y al momento..
Ok now I understand. This app and the alert app both are to be installed. Now only if Dev combined both I could install app. :).
Informacion rapida y eso es lo q buscaba... muy buena app....
Llegan mas tsrde de que ocurren.
Muy eficiente y rapido.Gracias desde Puerto Rico..
Muy buena app me gusta.
Excellent app. Understand easy. sirve de mucho en figurar la situacin del temblor..
it let me know right away if there was an earthquake and it gave me the news all so on the earthquake.
Obtienes informacin rpido y precisa.
Informacin muy valiosa e inmediata..
Informacion exacta. Es user friendly y puedes filtrar la informacion.
fantasy's App.
Lo hace bien, ms o menos..
what happened to the notification configuration and companion app??.
Look at it every day, always.
La informacin llega rpido..
muy fcil de utilizar.
Tarde Pedro hay esta.
Llega tarde el informe..
Muy buena y a tiempo.
San Fran Tastic app!!!!.
Great app! No complaints. Works quickly and gets the job done. No crashes. Great job!.
Is the best app for earthquakes, news and statistics..
ya no sirve arrenglenlo?.
Keeps crashing..
Great App. Quickly updated with new information. My go to for quake info..
What is going on with app please fix its the best app out there.
Yo tenia este app antes my informative I my bueno.
Extremely useful app when earthquakes are happening..
first hand reports on quake alerts and news around the world .
Excelente, thanks!.
It works!.
Stopped working ...
ITS TRUE.
Meh, but has good easy to read laresr hits.
I like.
Baja el app! Y ya... nitida.
No notifications..
I really enjoy the app and seeing the world view.
Helpfull for Disaster Management.
its the best app I used I have year using this app..
Ranidanga. Siliguri .Darjeeling.
Too much time.
Great app!Always on top of the rollers that come through.
Muy buena informacion.
Ultimamente estn atrssss.
Lo estoy probando an....
I had to uninstall it wouldnt open any more,.
Excellent accuracy. I'm very pleased with this earthquake app..
Gumbyville yi ha yi ha ha.
No tiene data....para que sirve?.
Thanks, excelet.
Works!.
Very responsive..
Wundeva!!.
Keeps stopping..
I find the app easy to use and informative..
App is dead..
esta chillo.
#1CALIFORNIASTRONG.
Muy bien ..
Muy til..
Excelente!.
It works..
Indispesable!.
So simple and clear, and works great..
450/500.
Its ok..
It's ok.
Thank you..
'Nuf said..
The app won't even start.
Works great! Very detailed..
no alert.
No alerts.
helpfully to remain people surrounding eartquake thanks.
Great ap. Thanks for the service.
mast app.
go reports.
muy util.
Yes goods.
Earthquake Alarm.
Thank you.
really helped.
I like it.
thank you.
third class.
I like it.
no experence.
immediate information.
thank you.
VERY INFORMATINAL.
Muy Buena.
Sucks now.
I like.
No notifications.
I like it.
Super app.
Totally worthit.
I like it.
Very accurrance.
It works.
Need alarm.
Updated info.
Excelente informacion.
excelente aplicacion.
I like it.
Just testing.
Very usaful.
Okkk okkkk.
Not loading.
Keeps closing.
Keeps stopping.
Slow updates.
Stopped working.
Excellent up to date info..
incomplete reports.
helps alot.
Keeps crashing.
beast app.
Nothing good.
Its slow.
Earth shaking.
keeps crashing.
keeps crashing.
Stop working.
Constantly crashing.
Still crashing.
Keeps crashing.
Crashes constantly.
Never works.
Keeps crashing.
Crashes constantly.
#bullshitapp.
Abandonware?.
6.5 magnitude.
A++.
Very accurate, and on point..
Dead.
Like it..
Helples..
it's ok.
mom.
terbaikk...
Ok.
.
great app. works well..
regular...
.
Super nice love it..
Works great now..
N/A.
good enough!..
Great App!.
great app!.
great app!.
its great!.
Good info!.
Great app!.
great app!.
Good APP!.
Great app!.
Great app!.
Top app!.
Very good!.
Very cool!.
Operates great!.
very informative .
Very helpful!.
Works great!.
Very Useful!.
right on.
Works great!.
Very cool !.
Interesting app!.
Great app !.
Very helpful!.
Excellent app!.
Works Great!.
Great excellent!.
Works great!.
Works great!.
Nice experience!.
Great interface!.
great app!!.
good configuration!.
Good App!!.
great app!!.
good information!.
always informative!.
Very informative!.
Intuitively engaging!.
great app!!.
Great application!.
Very informative!.
Informative app..
Very good!!.
Good app!!.
Great info!!.
Freaking Awesome!.
excellent app!!.
very informative..
Awesome App!!.
Very Nice app.
still working great.
very accurate.
awesome app.
Very informative!.!.!.
Great thanks .
Great app.
Great site..
Excellent application..
Great information..
great information..
works beautifully..
Excellent coverage..
great information .
Very informational..
Timely information..
Excellent reports..
Very Informative ..
VERY GOOD. .
Accurate information..
very informative..
exelente.
ok.
like it.
nyc.
ecelente.
exselente.
like it.
Bueno.
i like it.
Responsive.
works.
wow.
dope.
crazy.
ok.
na.
terrifing.
Wow.
asome.
LM.
very informative..
salute.
very informative..
informatative.
Works.
Very informative..
Excellent, Thanks.
Ok.
Super.
Go.
Excelente.
Excelente.
Ok.
updated.
wesome.
9k.
Very informative..
Nike.
Super.
Super.
Like.
Exelnt.
Very informative..
Ok.
Ok.
Pretty accurate..
Excelente.
Indescribable.
M2000.
Ok.
poor.
Excelente.
Bueno.
Late.
Very supportive..
Excelente.
Tool.
Super.
Ok.
Ok.
marveles.
Super.
Works.
Ok.
ok.
Like it.
Gute.
Ok.
Exelente.
Sucks.
Sucks.
Excellent App..
seems acurate..
very accurate..
very accurate..
Very Accurate..
Excellent app..
Good informed..
User friendly..
Very accurate..
Excellent app..
Very reliable..
Very helpful..
good job!!!!.
Very helpful..
awesome app..
Works great..
Accurate. Timely..
works great..
very handy!!!!.
Awesome app..
Very helpful..
Very useful..
Very precise..
Very usefull..
always good .
Nice app&good.
Pretty good..
Just right..
Great apps.
Exceptional!.
Great app .
great app ..
very good .
great info..
Very handy..
Very good .
helpful app.
great app.
good app.
Great app..
great app..
very good..
great app.
good info..
great app..
great app..
real time..
Great app..
Good app .
.
great app..
Good app .
Great app..
Very good..
Very good..
Great app..
Great app..
Great app..
Great app..
Great app..
good app..
Nice app..
very informative!!!!.
good app,.
nice app..
Good App.
Nice Application...
Good app..
Amazing!!.
c..
Not bad,.
good!!.
wow.. fantastic.
Fabulous...excellent...
good!.
best!.
Nice!.
Great!.
Great!.
great!.
.
Straight forward....
Great!.
Great!.
Great!.
Superb!.
Easy understand....
Amazing!.
love it!.
very good .
awesome!.
Awsome !.
very accurate....
inaccurate................
excellent!.
love it!!.
Excellent!.
Excellent!.
Love it!!.
Excellent!.
Excellent!.
Wonderful!.
Love it!!.
Informative!.
Interesting!.
Excellent!!.
Excellent!!.
Exceptional!.
Excelent!!.
it's good.
Crashes.
Very precise....
Awesome app. .
.
.
.
.
great information.
very informative.
Good application.
Great app.
very enlightening.
very useful.
wonderful app.
very good.
great app.
very informative.
Great app.
great app.
rather good.
very good.
good app.
GREAT APP.
very informative.
Exelent app.
so interesting.
great stuff.
very useful.
excellent apps.
absolutely great.
excellent tool.
Excellent app.
good app.
works great.
very nice.
great app.
awesome app.
good information.
very good.
very informative.
great app.
i love it acurate.
excellent app.
good app.
very good.
great info.
very accurate.
great good.
great app.
great info.
excellent app.
very nice.
its helpful.
good app.
great tool.
great app.
great app.
great info.
great app.
Good app.
in.
good tool.
very helpfull.
great information.
Very useful.
awesome app.
very informative.
good app.
very helpful.
thank u.
nice app.
good job.
Works great.
very informative.
Good info.
good app.
awesome app.
Great App.
good app.
great app.
good reports.
very good.
Excellent App.
good information.
great app.
very good.
very informative.
great app.
excellent app.
good app.
great app.
very informative.
useful information.
good application.
very informative.
AWSOME APP.
great app.
Excellent app.
great app.
very helpfull.
very informative.
very good.
great app.
good exelent.
good app.
really good.
good app.
quick info.
best app.
good information.
so accurate.
good apps.
Great app.
very good.
very informative.
Awesome app.
its good.
excellent app.
interesting information.
great app.
good information.
good info.
Very Helpful.
works great.
Works great.
very informative.
very usefull.
good information.
really educational.
im impressed.
Very Accurate.
great app.
Good app.
great information.
Accurate AF.
reay good.
perfect app.
great app.
great app.
very accurate.
good information.
nice app.
excellent app.
Fantastic App.
very helpful.
good stuff.
interesting app.
good info.
very informative.
very informative.
Very Detailed.
Extremely informative.
Good app.
Awesome app.
Accurate details.
Very useful.
Good app.
Its great.
Fast reporting.
Perry good.
Very informative.
Great app.
Really useful.
Excellent App.
Great app.
Good app.
Good stuff.
Acurate info.
Best service.
Very accurate.
Very helpful.
Great app.
Good Excellent.
Very good.
Good app.
Good app.
Need work.
Big help.
Excellent app.
Good app.
Good app.
Good app.
Good information.
Verry helpful.
Very useful.
Good apps.
Helpful awareness.
Great application.
Nice app.
Pretty good.
Excellent app.
That great.
Its fine.
Very informative.
Very good.
Very informative.
Great app.
Very accurate.
Very informative.
Is good.
Good app.
The best.
Nice performance.
Excellent Thanks.
very useful.
Nice app.
Excellent information.
Vere good.
Good applications.
easy information.
Good Job.
Very useful.
Excellent app.
Excellent app.
Great information.
Really good.
Great information.
Good app.
Informative app.
soo helpfull.
Beneficial App.
Good app.
Good app.
Great App.
Very accurate.
Great app.
Very informative.
Nice information.
Excelent app.
Very useful.
Very good.
Good App.
Good app.
Good info.
Excellent app.
Very interesting.
I love it.
Detailed info.
Good Excellent.
Very good.
Good app.
Very good.
Very accurate.
Very useful.
Helpfull recomend.
Great app.
Great app.
Good apps.
Good app.
Absolutely great.
Very informative.
Good App.
Good information.
Very good.
Not bad.
Works great.
Good app.
I love it.
Decent app.
Good app.
Its fine.
Very good.
Very helpful.
Useful apps.
Very useful.
Timely updates.
Good notifications.
Good app.
Very good.
Very reliable.
Helpful tool.
User friendly.
Good info.
Good app.
Best app.
Works great.
Good app.
Quick response.
Great app.
Good app.
Very informative.
Excellent information.
Excellent app.
Great app.
Very helpful.
Just great.
Great app.
Nice app.
good infor.
nice app.
Great app.
Great app.
very nice.
Very helpful.
V good.
Very helpful.
Good app.
Good app.
very good.
Great app.
Crashing.........
Good info.
Very cool....
Cool.
excelent!!!!.
shaking.
Slow.
Junk.
sux.
garbage.
Nice .
Interesting..
informative..
educational..
exceptional..
Excellent .
Interesting..
Informative..
amazing .
Excelent..
Love it..
its good .
Helpful..
Love it..
Awesome..
good.
excellent.
love it.
good.
Good.
interesting.
great.
informative.
excellent.
Outstanding.
great.
Sweet .
Good.
Nice.
Nice.
Cool .
Great..
Good ..
...yeah......
good..
good..
great...
Good..
Nice..
Informative.
Great".
Love it.....
.
great.
good.
cool.
good.
great.
love it.
good.
great.
informative.
love it.
good.
Awesome.
good.
great.
interesting.
good.
gr8.
awesome.
helpful.
awesome.
love it.
awesome.
excellent.
great.
awesome.
good.
good.
love it.
good.
Cool.
fantastic.
nice.
awesome.
great.
good.
Good.
Good.
good.
great.
love it.
positive.
love it.
cool.
easy.
nices.
cool.
Great.
cool.
Informative.
exceptional.
cool.
excellent.
Impecable.
love it.
great.
Nice.
nice.
good.
nice.
brilliant.
awesome.
good.
Great.
great.
good.
Informational.
good.
Good.
great.
good.
cool.
good.
cool.
nice.
handy.
cool.
great.
great.
easy.
great.
accurate.
awesome.
accurate.
excellant.
nice.
great.
good.
enlightening.
awesome.
informative.
is good.
gret.
Great.
love it.
love it.
helpful.
good.
great.
reliable.
good.
great.
Love it.
informative.
great.
great.
Fantastic.
excellent.
decent.
accurate.
excellent.
is good.
good.
awesome.
good.
great.
love it.
outstanding.
good.
great.
good.
awesome.
excellent.
great.
great.
love it.
luv it.
great.
good.
this cool.
Excelent.
accurate.
good.
informative.
good.
awesome.
good.
Great.
informative.
nice.
Awesome.
good.
Good.
informative.
Good.
Cool.
good.
Excellent.
Nice.
Fantastic.
Good.
Exceptional.
Great.
Great.
Good.
Great.
Good.
Good.
Great.
Exelent.
Perfect.
Good.
Nice.
Excelent.
Excellent.
Useful.
Excellent.
Good.
Nice.
Wonderful.
Love it.
Excellent.
Good.
Love it.
Awesome.
Good.
Helpful.
Great.
great.
Excellent.
Informative.
Good.
Great.
Great.
best.
Excellent.
Fantastic.
Good.
Nice.
Good.
Excelent.
Useful.
Great.
Nice.
Nice.
Excellent.
Great.
Great.
Love it.
Good.
Helpful.
Informative.
Better.
Perfect.
Nice.
Fun.
good.
Helpfull.
Great.
Good.
Informative.
Great.
Excellent.
excellent.
Excellent.
Excellent.
Good.
Excellent.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Great.
Perfect.
Good.
Wonderfull.
Great.
Excellent.
Great.
Good.
Awesome.
Great.
Excelent.
Good.
Marvellous.
Good.
Fantastic.
Perfect.
Outstanding.
Acurate.
Exceptional.
Excellent.
Simple.
Good.
Excellent.
Good.
Good.
Cool.
Good.
awesome.
Good.
Great.
good.
good.
Excellent.
Good.
Excellent.
Accurate.
Great.
Great.
Awesome.
Excellent.
Great.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Nice.
Excellent.
Good.
Excelent.
Good.
good.
Good.
Excellent.
Cool.
Awesome.
Exelent.
Good.
Good.
Excellent.
Nice.
Excellent.
Excellent.
Excellent.
AWESOME.
Excelent.
Excellent.
Great.
Excellent.
Good.
good.
nice.
Excellent.
Awesome.
Good.
Good.
Excellent.
Cool.
Superb.
AWESOME.
GREAT.
Nice.
Good.
Excellent.
Timely.
Good.
Nice.
Awesome.
Great.
Good.
Great.
Interesting.
good.
Good.
Great.
Excellent.
Great.
Great.
Great.
Good.
Great.
Great.
Awesome.
Informative.
Good.
Good.
EXCELLENT.
Awesome.
Good.
Good.
Informative.
Useful.
Good.
wonderful.
Good.
Amazing.
Love.
Nice.
Good.
Good.
Excellent.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Nice.
Good.
.
.
I've found this App, is the best Earthquake Notifier..... Changing my Review.... The App has Stopped working. No matter what i do, its dead... It used to be awesome. But, i think Android did too many NWO System updates, that destroyed the Notifications .
Used to really enjoy it. App was so Bad I didn't even consider installing it on my new Tablet.Too Bad. Fix the App & I might come This is Not a useful app.Before 7/2019 I have used it several times. It is up to date & reports quicker than USGS Web-site. It is easy to operate as well. Gives me peace of mind knowing where, how strong & how Far away from me. Update 7/4/19 Deleted it because it crashed & No Repairing it.
Edited 1/1/19 I have written to the creator, Mr Clemm, twice, to ask him why a change in the map of "recents" shows only the latest quake and no others preceding as it used to. No response from Josh so I have found another app. If he can return emails and explain I will reinstall, unless that change stays Living in the earthquake prone West I am always checking. I also watch Oklahoma and Texas as they suffer hundreds of oil business fracking induced quakes wondering when they will wise up..
Been using this app for years and use to love it. But after the latest 
update, I'm so frustrated now because within a few seconds of opening the 
app, IT F#!@?* CLOSES!!! I have a Google Pixel phone. Please fix so I can 
enjoy the app once again..
App works really well! My only gripe, I don't get the "alerts" in a timely 
manner! Could be anywhere from 10 min. to an hour late, AFTER earthquakes!.
Loved this app in the past... the latest update renders it USELESS. When 
you want to see the earthquake's location, the app zooms in to the point 
that there's NO DETAIL to the landscape! As you repeatedly zoom out, it 
doesn't show recent activity. I'm looking for a replacement app!!!!!.
For several years I watched for earthquakes on Storm but it appears that 
they were taken over by TWC and they've done away with earthquakes. But now 
I've found Earthquake Alert. What's missing is the weather. But I needed a 
earthquake app and now I've found a good one..
Love it! I wish it alerted me when earthquakes happen, but I check it 
often, especially when I feel a shake or rumble. If it sends alerts, then I 
have just not played with it enough to figure that out. I love being able 
to filter by size and proximity..
learning how frequent earthquakes are, and am amazed. also it tracks 
fracking disturbances in regions near where I live. love looking at it 
several times a day.bits the only continuous info on the kilauea volcano, 
since may 4, 2018..
I have used this app for well over a year. Great info at your fingertips 
and a fun place to see what's happening around you and in the world. Very 
few issues. Totally recommend!.
Great ap. I like that it allows you to create zones you want to track. Only 
complaint is that occasionally there are earthquakes I feel that don't get 
registered on this map and we have USGS sensors all over out here. Most do 
register though..
Love this app. I'm on it so much, my wife hates it. Haha. Oh well. Need to 
know when all earthquakes happen. Yes, I know I can't control them, but I 
like to be aware and informed. Awesome app!.
I use this App. almost daily. Also, my living in Oklahoma allows me to make 
informed comparisons of scales ofseismic activity at home, and around the 
globe/dgc.
Awesome source for building a database of information about earthquakes. 
Especially if you're going to track it day by day or week by week and maybe 
create certain pattern of all the earthquakes. Which I think is super cool..
Nice app, Its informational and great if your interested in earthquakes 
that are happening around the world. The reason I only give it a 3 star is 
because it never actually notifis me when one happens so I always have to 
go on the app and check, It should give your phone a notification when a 
earthquake happend..
The ease of tracking earthquakes is amazing. The back up information is 
detailed. The new addition of Google locates the quake site. However the 
Google pinpointing provides no useful information about numbers, strength 
and more precise location information of earthquakes. Delete Google option 
or require it to provide the earthquake information that we use the site to 
find out..
It is good app.And it works very well and the problem is not giving alert that option is provided the people are safe and help others also. And add more features and improve the app and add some areas places also..
Can't believe how up to date this app tells you an earthquake has happened. 
Literally within less than a minute! Great app for earthquake curiosity or 
if you live in an earthquake prone area..
Exactly what I was looking for. Tells me where earthquakes have been 
happening, and I can filter for magnitude and distance from me..
This App has been a wealth of Knowledge. I have been keeping an eye on the 
Island of Hawaii. Its like every 10 to 15 minutes I get quake report. I 
have been using this app for several years. I wonder if they could fit 
sinkholes in this app..
Best app that I have ever downloaded, by far!! Very good work, too bad that 
I can only give it a five star review when its worthy of so much more!! I 
have had this app for several months now and would like to add to my 
comments. This is the best app ever. I have come to depend on the alerts 
when sharing information with my prayer group. Thank you so much for this 
app!.
It is a good review on what's happening around the world as far as quakes 
go and I love It! My son was in Hawaii when the big quake happened and I 
told him the magnitude before he heard it over there!.
It's great! When people come to me and say "Hey, what's shaking?" I will 
have an answer. Lol.
It's fascinating for 2 reasons 1 to know in nearly real time of an 
earthquake is quite incredible. But i actually love that i often just find 
myself looking at gorgeous places from a satellite view we are the future 
peeps enjoy it. But most importantly especially from the perspective of 
the satellite view enjoy it but most importantly respect it. Sending out 
love ya'll ..
I love being able to view all quakes from the last week... It's really 
stunning sometimes how much the map lights up. I was studying to be a 
geologist once and am still very passionate about the subject. I really 
love having this app on my phone, so quick to grab and read..
Last one I wrote a review was 6 years ago. Yep. Still love this app. Clear 
concise and with the added "alert" app, it's even better. So props to the 
creators and everyone who works on this..
Always enjoyed.. stopped working, removed, reinstalled, still bad. What a shame.
It used to be my favorite app but lately they've not put Mexico anymore!! PLEASE FIX THIS. If it wasn't for the Earthquake Tracker app, then I wouldn't have known that Mexico was experiencing quite some shakes. Earthquake Traker is more faster..
I've tried several, but find this one to be easiest to use and most 
informative. I like the feature of being able to silence it during time 
periods you choose, and especially like being able to select different 
alert sounds according to location chosen. Great app.
It would be better if it included all earthquakes. Not just the "ring of 
fire" ones. There was a 2.4 earthquake in my region which wasn't included 
And it doesn't ever mention the ones in UK either.
Since I live about 100 miles from the largest strato- volcano in the lower 
48 it's good to know what is happening up there and an earthquake would be 
the first sign of trouble. Nice job..
Living in Southern California, I find this app to be indispensable. 
Earthquakes are a fact of life, and knowing the what, where and when of 
them is crucial. This app delivers!.
I like it quite a bit. Would be nice to be able to see more than a week's 
worth of quakes, also would be nice to color code by day so you can know 
which are more recent. All in all a good app..
After upgrading to a new phone it has stopped alerting me. I notified the dev, but haven't heard back..
I love being able to see where, and how close, quakes are (to me). Also 
like watching how the quakes and volcanoes happen. Praying for Hawaii.
I really find this app informative and interesting, as you can see and 
learn about other countries and gain an understanding of the impacts quakes 
have on peoples lives. It shows that this beautiful planet sure is 
amazing!!!.
This app fails to notify me I have to check the app off and on throughout 
the day just to see that my notifications are NOT coming through it used to 
work but now never !! Up dates as of Feb 20th 2016 have improved this app 
greatly so I just changed my rating from a 1 to a 4 thank you..
I live in So. Cal. And like to follow the quakes. Also interested in larger 
quakes around the world. The news updates are interesting..
This is a great app to help me keep a finger on the daily pulse of the 
earth. I have also occasionally used the app to simply look up different 
locations around the globe. It's handy all around..
I love this app. Only thing that would be good would be to have more range 
options because close to me and 1000 miles is a large range that could be 
broken down better..
Awesome sauce. I first downloaded in 2011 over the New Madrid hype and 
being that I lived in Tennessee. Have had it ever since..
Decent, but alerter apps do not work. Developer does not respond to any emails..
It is good to know where earthquakes are hitting because it is forecasted 
in Bible Prophecy. This is one of the signs Jesus Christ told about when He 
was for telling His return..
Live on the West Coast? This is by far the Best of all earthquake apps. A 
must have for info on our shifting planet. I have used the pro version for 
many years and love it..
Im in lombok, lately all people here very concerned about the earthquake, 
this apps works even much better in terms of detail location than the 
national weather service alert.
Useful as is... Everyday is having an Earthquake... Amazing that you could do these updates. Keep a good job dev.
I bought the pro version because I live in Indonesia. It used to work 
great, but it no longer works now. I get notifications, but when I click on 
them, no info appears. I'm uninstalling it until it get fixed..
Living on the coast of California, this is great for helping me to be alert to Major earthquakes in the Pacific Rim just in case there's a tsunami warning..
I live in Oklahoma, I would have never guessed that I would need this app 
next to my weather apps. It is very accurate and is easy to use..
This is my most used app, seriously. Never fails. Update .... Still the 
best quake app, with news reports too.
I like being aware of geologic events. This app allows me to track 
earthquake activity around the world..
A fan of Josh Clemm's earthquake app for years. One of the best with weekly 
world views allowing you to observe "patterns." Interactive with news 
stories. I recommend the pro version for customizations for fans like 
myself! Like the alerts!.
Excellent parameter-managed earthquake notifier with map. Set the magnitude 
level you're interested in and you'll get a notification when a quake at 
that level or above occurs, anywhere in the world, which can be shown on an 
integrated map. Also has a useful link to current earthquake news items..
I like being alerted when a quake: ( is about to/has) happened, that I can take cover quickly or just being aware of the quake activity..
Awesome app keeps me up to date on the quakes n shakes all over the world I 
use it everyday. Thank you maybe have sources other then just the USGS ?.
Yes you can !! Know what's going on with these earthquakes on this app !! It keeps you in touch with ALL earthquakes and after shocks around our planet !! It's my favorite app for quakes. Thanks.... : ).
Quick & easy way to keep abreast of earthquakes. Uptick in activity in 
Oklahoma has my interest...since I live here..
I like to keep track of earthquakes around the world so that I have a sense 
of how the plates are shifting. This app is perfect for that..
This app rocks because I live in an earthquake part of northern California 
and we have them often.its great to be able to open the app and it's there 
within a minute saying location size and time.
Does what it says it does. Easy to use, customizable app with 
up-to-the-minute alerts. Good links to articles and doesn't take up much 
memory or data..
It tells me within 10 - 15 minutes (possibly longer, not sure) the location 
and magnitude of any earthquake around the globe..
This app is useless for me.. So confusing. The news aren't the same as the 
alert on app.
When Earth shakes, I listen! This app acts as a translater. Good data!.
This app is closed, off the air . Dont bother to download..
I like to no were and when they happen, also when there near me too.to be 
able To give my input,( like do it roll or move side to side ECT).
Accurate real time information everyone will need to know, as each year 
gets crazier and more unpredictable.
Really like the ad but I think it should have more color coding from green 
to Red depending on magnitude of the earthquake it would make it a lot 
simpler for some instead of just green and red...!.
Good, simple but pertinent to what I want. I go to USGS if I need more 
details, but this little app is great at providing the initial info when I 
need it..
Takes a long time to receive notifications. 5 to 10 minutes longer than 
other similar apps..
Have been running this app on my mobile devices for the past 4 years. Have 
never had any issues with it. LOVE the latest update that includes the 
major fault lines!.
Great - like being able to set alerts but would be good to be able to set 
multiple alerts - smaller threshold for quakes in areas of interest, like 
near me or in big cities..
I don't care for the new way of looking at individual quake information. To 
difficult to maneuver..
Very easy to navigate, info is readily available, you can view cities to 
the whole earth, sort by magnitude, had notre info than I really need, 
etc... great app to have on your phone for info..
Great, very well laid out and smart design. This is my new go-to for quakes.
Like that I can limit the area and the time frame. Has all the info about 
each occurrence..
It's very informative and plus I need to know what is going on, especially 
when my folks live next to the San Andreas fault line..
I get an update when a major earthquake happen or even a minor one near me..
Everything I need to see and read about all the world's earthquakes. Love 
this app!.
Well yeah this is real time basic apps for earthquake arround the world... Nice UI and easy to use.
Up to date global information on earthquakes. Felt a 3.5 here and 
immediately checked the app.... There it was! Keep up to date with up to 
the minute news and reporting with this app..
crashed 3 times as soon as I downloaded it. Deleting..
I hate Google ...it is everywhere in everything ...a Spy, No respect for 
anyone. As for this app, ...I like it ...I like it alot. But it's not your 
business ...because of Google, ...I hate goggle, ...I hate it a lot..
I check this site several times a day to stay informed of possible dangerously affecting friends and family..
Gives up to date information. Good filter options..
I think it's an awesome app for keeping track of the world's earthquakes! 
Been using it for a few years now with no issues! Great app! Thanks....
Great app, but should include a custom filter to select the range of earthquake dates instead of "last week", or "last 24 hours"....
This App is one the best, always updated on the latest earthquake, has a very value information I love it!.
We live in Oklahoma USA, and this is our go-to app for earthquake activity. 
Fast and accurate information..
The filters are key to success! We are having 400+ earthquakes a day, 
throttling notifications by adjusting magnitude is awesome!.
Useful and may not be up to the minute as I did not find what I was looking to find after a quake hit until a delayed update.
AWESOME; -) Accurate and user-friendly. A must have app for every phone. 
Samsung Gem.
Ever since I woke up to an earthquake I have used this app..
I've tried a couple other apps, but neither had data from today's activity 
in the Solomon Islands, and off the California coast. So,....data 'talks', 
and absence of it 'walks'... simple as that..
I like to keep on top of the earthquakes. Im from Chile but I live in the 
US. I'm very happy and impressed with this app..
I love this app, I have family in Chile so I can stay informed about any seismic activities in the area..
Why does it need access to my photo/files? Shame, I liked the fact it was 
low permissions. Privacy disclosure last updated 2011..
In real time when we feel there is a earthquake this app will show or tell 
you where the earthquake happen And at what location it's at. It's very 
helpful this earthquake app..
Would like to see other seismic agencies info added to this app. USGS as 
well as European feed, and New Zealand feed. I use this app many times a 
day. Thank you..
I find this app to be informative. Especially because of the volcanic 
eruptions in Hawaii.
You have to pay if you want reliable notifications. I wasn't always getting 
6.0 earthquake notifications until I paid for the premium app. Works good 
so far..
With the state of the world as it is EVERYBODY should have on your phone 
and be checking it daily.. Works awesome...
This app. Show you where the last Earthquakes happen in the world.
Helps me keep up with conditions near family and friends..
Keeps telling me no internet connection detected. Yet I can do everything else and use all other apps without any problems..
Been using this everyday for a couple years it's funny but I see patterns 
over time and I love keeping on top of this kind of information. I consider 
it a learning tool..
Fun application. Great way to track the quakes around you. Plus the 
section. gives you the latest earthquake news from around the world..
It's simplicity is easy to understand, it allows me to see what the planet 
is doing, especially with regard to the current times with the return of 
Jesus being so close..
The information about earthquakes takes too long to be reported on the app.
I'm from Albania, this time we have Earthquake shakes..
Although I'm not living in earthquake prone area this app gives me certain 
information about recent quakes. It surely helps me to be prepared when 
travelling..
This app is well worth getting easier to use and it's easier to understand 
how earthquakes happens as it begins plus the news to each quake is rated 
love this app..
I still miss having the global map we had a bunch of versions ago, but it 
updates & alerts well. Still the best app available..
Living on a fault line I need fast access to activity, this app provides it..
Had this app for a couple years and phones nite. Weeks great, as soon as 
USGS posts the info it shows up here. I like it.
I live in sunami zone like to know what's going on around the ring of fire ,this helps..
Living in California we refer to this app often for quick and accurate 
information. Love that you can set the distance so you only see what is 
relevant to us..
Tells you about earthquakes. What else do you need?.
Overall ok, takes about 10 minutes after quake before it notifies you. But 
now, if I fell movement I can check to see the cause, lol..
I like knowing what is going on around me....
Got used to latest update. Excellent.
It is helpful but it has a few minutes delay. Usually the update is 
received half hour after the earthquake happens..
It is reliable and useful. Able to adjust the filter to receive lower threshold warnings and more. I like it..
Grand for keeping up on quakes and there news .great maps have zoomed in 
and spotted wales and boats and planes.
Been using this app for a few years. Quick and easy or you can read 
informative articles..
Its eye opening at how many earthquakes actually happen each day. All 
around good app. No problems..
The info is updated within minutes of an earthquake. I live in CA and this 
app has confirmed earthquakes that I've felt..
A must have app for people who live in a earthquake zone to keep up-to-date 
with earthquakes in their area..
Very useful app. Appreciate the daily stats and map. News is helpful as well..
This is a good app, but takes too long to correct magnitude of the 
quakes...sometimes up to an hour..
Simple, effective, unobtrusive, just the infi one needs, with links to 
details if desired. The alerts are usefull to keeps taps on remote prjects, 
branch office, and family..
Love this. Shaking planet we have lately..
I love to see what's going on in the world and around my area wonderful app 
just need a faster warning system for the area before a quake.
I wish they gave updates each time there is earthquake in your phone. 
Instead of me opening it each time after figuring it out that there was an 
earthquake..
Very useful as I am geologist, but I would like some infos for volcanos.
Great app. Fast notifications on earthquakes over magnitude you select. Easy to forward..
I don't want recommended stories!.
Warns you of quakes -- sometimes before USGS!!.
Great app! It's informative and has follow up stories about the quakes..
Nice app to keep up with global earthquakes and recent earthquake News.
It's very useful for keeping up with the times as things are more frequent. 
Matthew 23: 6-8.
I havent had opportunity to use this app yet. Chrome isnt be working, 
frequently stops and doesnt restart for hours or days..
Very easy to use. Easy to change parameters and narrow down your search..
I check it almost daily. EZ and attractive layout..
Very useful. I like to keep my eyes on earthquakes.
If you want an app that isn't complicated then try this one. I can't find 
any issues with it for the average person to use..
Spot on for keeping abreast of quake activity;which has increased massively 
in the 6 years i've used this app..
It's a very good app. Probably with a bit of tweaking, it should be spot on..
Great info. Easy to use. Tells me what I want to know..
This app shakes me up..
I have had this app for years and I love it. It's current, easy to use and 
you set your own perimeters..
Keeps me informed on the different vault lines in my area. I like to know 
about the Pacific Rim, too!.
Nice, simple, informative..
I like it. Helps me watch the ring of fire and reminds me that any year now 
it will be my turn.
The interface is easy to use and the developer is quick in addressing 
issues (which are usually from sources outside of the app)..
Heaven and earth shall pass away but My word shall not pass away. Matthew 
24:35.
We travel through Bali area every year I like to know what kinds of 
activity is happening and this app tells us.
Been using this app for years. Map responds quickly. So does news 
(depending on available reporting)..
Being an S.E. and part of our community's emergence preparedness team, I 
look to this app every day.
It gives earthquake alerts but in 30 min late. Till that time, everything can be finished.
Useful, but the delay between feeling the quake and receiving an alert can 
be about a half hour..
Its one of my most important apps lets me kno asap.
Info. On quakes good, too much time waiting for you to load. Lots of times 
loading..
It is awesome ...kinda gives you an idea of where and when the quakes will 
hit at your destination or location.
I once used this app in a line at the store and told another Californian 
how big a recent earthquake was.She said thanks..
Just started using this app. So far so good thanks...
I like knowing where earthquakes are happening and when.
Wanting to keep up with what is happing in this world, I refer to this app 
every morning along with the news..
I'm an ex-pat Californian, keeping an eye on the San Andreas. This is an 
effective way to do it on the move..
I really like to see what's happening in other parts of the world. This App 
let's me do just that. Love it.
Great app for keeping track of earthquakes. Can filter by magnitude, near 
or far, etc. Love it..
Excellent tools to watch all the earthquakes around the world .
I like this app, it keeps me informed of Earth Quack's around the world, 
and those around Hawaii.. Thank you.
This app is easy to use and contains a lot of useful information. It's 
still one of my favorite apps..
Tingkatkan lagi nama lokasi di Indonesianya namanya kok lain.
Living in an active earthquake area, it's great to have a simplified way to 
show my kids and grandkids what's going on..
You're not helpful!!! Dysfunction - Unusedfull!!! No alert at all!!!.
Perfect and quakes are quickly up to date! Thanks Josh!.
It helps me keep track of earthquakes. It is a great app..
Nice app when you live in the ring of fire. Nice to know what's going on..
Fast enough to know what woke me up..
Comprehensive and easy to use. Does not consume battery power when not in 
use..
Needs improvement graphics much better if links with Google maps & alert 
notification near your area..
Best earthquake app there is! Download it & download companion app 
Earthquake Alerter. Follow the Ring of Fire & all the news!.
Great tool to track earthquakes in your area and Beyond.
Excellent! Statistics screen is great, and the filters and cluster feature 
really make a nice presentation on the maps..
It was great ,it keep track what is going on underneath us ..
Since update, I don't like it anymore, Uninstalling it..... I've used it 
for 4 years until now..
I can almost instantly get information on any shaking I feel in the area I 
live..
Alerts doesnt work really well I have never had an alert for any kind of 
earthquakes.
Good app. Picked up our 3.9 trembler here in Hull England even tho its 
usgs. Impressed!!!.
Been using this app for several years for me it is the best one out 
there...easy to navigate and understand..
i gave it 5 stars in 2011. nothing's changed. i have the alerter too..
The best Earthquake app I have found that includes extensive reports. Two 
thumbs up!!.
How to make this app notice us if earthquake with 5.0 magnitude and above occurred?.
It's great app and it makes me know what is going on around the world in 
record time, really great!!.
This is a great app and it'll let you know if an earth guack is coming 
ahead of time..
Awesome, up to date info on Quake's happening all around the world. Best 
App ever..
I like the clean, easy to read UI but it takes forever for the initial load 
up..
Its awsome to find out quakes in my area as well as the world.
The app is good, but I'd like to see a map showing each individual 
earthquake.
Small footprint, quick loading, effective filters. I have used for over 6 
years now..
One of very few sites that reports distance and depth on miles rather than 
kilometers. This is great..
Current and past news, has options in other similar items of interest, 
thanks.
We are all surfing on a quilt of plastic rock. You can easily track this 
here. Just do it.
This is one of the best apps for needs. Also has a lot of stuff to customize. You'll love it !!.
I like everything about this app - always Have..
I've tried others but none compare, been using it for years.
It tells me quickly when there has been an earthquake near me..
Like being able to have it focus in areas of my interest. I live in 
earthquake prone area..
Very up to date all the time and fast to post new quakes.
Very informational. We had earthquake was able to look it..
Like this app, the right info at the right time, thank God no commercials 
just good concise info!.
Perfect even being free whith some adds.
For nerds like me.. highly recommend.
So far it's been spot on, and i use this and the usgs website as well..
It's fun to be able to look around the world and see what is going on in 
real time. Good job..
If it had weather alerts it would be great but over all very easy to use..
If you live in an earthquake area, this app is a must have..
Good to be able to see where an earthquake happened and how big..
please cache the data for offline viewing. thanks.
Keeps me updated on all the earthquake's worldwide.
Useful app, but crashes every time I use it..
Keeping an eye on our ever-changing rock.
Easy to read, very useful, quick - updated as quickly as official reports 
or even sooner..
I enjoy the app for the main reason I can keep track of when and where a 
earthquake happens and the magnitude of the quake..
Shows quakes and locations..
It works good.....but use to be faster not take so long to get the location 
of the quake.
Great app for the geology geek. Filters, maps, news. For any even mildly 
curious primate..
Excellent app, had no idea there were this many earthquakes every day..
Well made and easy to navigate. Wish I understood many of the codes used in 
parts of the app..
Great for living in Hawaii especially now with Pele's wrath.
Living off the grid, this is keeping me updated on the world..
Guess I need to explore your other features ..
Just like being aware of quakes..
If you live in California you must have this app.
Very easy way 2 keep up with world earthquakes..
Can't fatch usgs data.
Very good for keeping me in the loop with earthquakes around the world..
You can see the sismic activity worldwide.
Living in earthquake prone area this is good to have.
Uninstall it I was not getting my notifications..
It let's me no we had an earthquake..
Helps me watch for my friends abroad..
Aug 21 2018 it detected the earthquake.
Samsung Galaxy Note 8. Gives a lot of information..
Thanks for fixing! Works great now!.
I love it. It works perfectly all the time and I like it since I live in 
Costa Rica..
This gets the job done! No ads!.
Useful app for earthquake information through out the world. Up to date 
news as well..
Fast and accurate. I like it because you can set notifications by distance 
and intensity..
Intriguing to know where quakes happening around the world..
Keeps me informed of Earthquakes around the world!.
Awesome app just got an alert for an 5.0 earthquake in northern California! 
Easy to use!.
So neat to have this info available right away. A really good app..
Nice map features with filters for distance from your location, earthquake 
magnitude, and time..
New update not working right.
Accurate and easy to use. I check it every morning. Great for West coasters!.
I like to watch the earthquake News..
By the minute earthquake info!.
Does what is supposed to. But does it very well..
Can't find North Atlantic ridge.
Useful but apps don't show latest earthquake all around the world.
Gives info I want!.
Still my go to earthquake app..
All I want is data and that's what I get..
My best earthquake app ever.
Very useful with up to the minute information, 5 stars well deserved..
Great consolidator site for earthquake activity: locally & around the world.
Keeps us informed as to where the quakes are at..
Location is not accurate.
Works well again. Huawei mate 9..
Mantap dan informatif. Everything is ok..
You can check what's happening.
Use it every day. Becomes almost a habit to know what is going on around 
the world..
Does a great job in allowing real time earthquake monitoring with news and 
mapping.
I love the map with the locations of the latest earthquakes..
One hell of an app!.
Nice to be able to check to see where the biggest shakes are happening..
Want to know everything about a quake anywhere in the world then this app 
is for you!.
the indonisia have eartquake ahhhh.
Accurate data...interesting follow..
a little late in earthquake data.
Good source for quake info..
My go to app for earthquake information and up to date articles. Excellent.
Muy buena y actualizada.
Helps me keep track.
Kurang sensitif update nya.
Ez to use, very clear.
I use it every day..
Used for years now. Solid app..
Good app can help much, but need sensitive alert.
Great for travel and not to depend on news media. Be your own news.
It's easy to use and I like to use it very often to see what's up..
Wouldn't use any other..
Love to monitor the ring of fire, the app works great for me..
Its very important, be informed about the world earthquakes....
Easy to use, informative..
It lets you know when and how big it is.
Easy to use. Updates quickly. More accurate than tv news outlets..
I appreciate getting almost real time earthquake information..
Great app. Love tracking the wheres and whens of the earths movement.
Easy to use and find current earthquakes..
I like the option of list or map view and the intuitive functionality..
Nice to know if a tsunami triggered quake has occurred..
After living in Northern California I found this so so great!.
Es perfecta!.
Using it under Galaxy S8 plus, great performance, informative..
Not too updated..
Always accurate and up-to-date within 5 minutes or less..
I do like the app but I don't like the update and what happened with the map.
I just love this app keeps me up to date.
So far this app seem really good keep it up.
Can use offline with a navigator corser realtime very usefull.
Great ap I use daily Needs volcano data.
Awesome app, easy to use. I have used it for years..
Great app. Love to watch what is going on in the world. Very accurate.
Great fun if you're not directly effected..
Useful and accurate information..
Good app. Desktop is more complete. Both need more customizable filters..
Always works as expected.
I like the app.
I like this app.
Always giving info.
Does what it says on the tin.
Easy, user-friendly layout. Fast and reliable. Great database..
Knowing where and how big is very helpful especial when it is near family & 
friends.
Everyone should have this app. Its very easy to use..
Great app useful to know what is happening around the world..
I find this app very useful with detailed information..
Let's u know whats happening in the real world.
Greatest App on  quakes.
A handy app for keeping abreast of quake activity..
So far this app has been very accurate..
My absolute go-to for accurate earthquake information !.
I don't like the new map. I prefer the old map.
Cool and spot in. Thanks, folks for the app. Cheers.
Good app I wish the statistics were better..
Precisely with map and info, very good app!! Excellent work guys!!!.
Good app could be alittle quicker in alerts.
This app is always up to date and works anywhere.
Great ! A whole lot better than E.N. ;).
Very very usefull and knowledgeable apps Thanks for this app.
Great app if you are into the movements of the earth.
Excellent app much appreciated thank you for providing.
I like the new updates. Enjoying this app!.
Works good , very accurate on locations and description..
Works as stated..
Great app every phone should have it!.
Yellowstone .
I enjoy the news about the earthquakes...
Does what i want..
Usually this USGS App is correct. I use it frequently..
Great little EQ app. Very accurate and responsive..
Easy to use and the important information is clearly displayed..
I check it like the weather. Very useful tool..
Great info on local and worldwide earthquake events..
Very good app, always on top of alerts..
Easy to use and provides all the important info..
Great little go to app for earthquake check-in.
I found it very interesting and easy to read..
Great updates and info! Simple and easy to understand!.
Thank you .
Good app, very concise and up to date.
Work's well.
Thank you : ).
Great app. Works well on my Nexus.
Like it!.
Puts me in touch with the world very useful and very handy and very handy.
I like it..
Works just as advertised. Great app!.
No fault line,with this app. Lol. Excellent!!.
It is a good app to keep me informed.
It gives good information about the earthqurke in the world.
All what you need to know about earthquake and alert.
Great app ...check daily...what are the new added red lines?.
Great app! Love the news link.
Very useful for me. Well done!.
Love this app! Keeps you updated.
Nice app with everything I'm looking for..
Great app for the Earthquake community. Very stable..
Thank you for your excellent work!.
Wonderful and keeping me up to date!.
Data is always up to date. Great programming..
I enjoy seeing the planet's activity..
Simple to use, clear, up to date information.
Notification can be customize, really useful.
Good app. To the point and does the job..
It reports quickly. Like the detailed maps..
This is a life saving app. Pure and simple..
Great information with the details if needed..
This is up to date for the accurate information..
Easy to use and accurate on nearby episodes..
Very good and useful for latest information about earthquake. .
Love the map overlay and news stories..
Needs better usee friendly interface..
The filter is nice. Does what I want..
Awesome. Thanks. Keep up the good work.
Very good general seismic application..
Has been very informative and accurate..
It's really amazing and very useful.
Very informative app, easy to use.
Best earthquake app I've used..
Excellent app, I really like it.
Works well love it.
Great app .works fast in seconds.
Great app. and gives lots of info info.
The best of the best earthquake alert app..
Wonderful, accurate earthquake app!.
It works too good to me. Thanks..
Timely and accurate reporting of earthquakes.
It's the best one I've tried..
Simply awesome.... world wide situational awareness!!.
improve the map.
Very informative, works well!.
Let we know what happens in the world.
Good to have ...I live in Puerto Rico.
It keeps me up to date.
Reliable app for quick earthquake updates.
The best app on the web perfection.
Great app to review for latest activity.
Nice app for checking global eartquakes.
Helpfull resources to monitor and tracking earthquake.
very good information gaid this page.
Excellent up to date easy to use.
I love this brief alert apps.
Just download it, hopefully it helpful..
Terimakasih ! Sangat user friendly.
Amazing warning app. A great warning app!!!!.
Great app! No problems..
It ok.
Very informant.
I like it.
I like it.
I like it.
Notifications are late.
Sangat membantu.
Vary conformational.
Its clear.
Like this apps.
Great app. Love knowing what is happening..
I like it.
Check it everyday.
Kren tampilannya.
I like this.
It rocks.
Thank you.
Does what it says it will do. Excellent..
Very god.
I like it.
Wheres it rong.
Real alert.
Excellent app, would recommend it..
Works for me. Actually, love it.
Use it often recently "Big Island".
Good app, fast and accurate..
Great real-time information..
Amazing app. I recommend. Exactly scale..
Great app. What I was looking for..
Love all the info it has!!.
Installed and happy with it since then..
Fascinating to see the earth as it lives..
Great App! I love it!.
Informative for sure. Thank you.
Very informative app - excellent.
Almost instant earthquake information..
Liked the previous iteration best..
Real time updates. Works for me..
Does what it says. No complaints.
Brilliant ,up to date information.
Very effective app happy with it..
Easy to use and lots of information..
Great service, love the maps.
Good app, I recommend it..
Easy to use. Very informative.
Very informative, easy to use.
Earth shaking.
I think it is a good tool..
Best ,and better than the rest.
God app. Quick view. Good filters..
very good and fast, thanks.
Great app..
I really like this app..
Nice layout, easy on eyes.
Great app, Easy to use..
Keeps me well informed..
It's a very helpful app.
Very good app. Easy to use..
Accurate, clear, updated, for the courious person.
It's very informative !.
All you need to know..
Best app for earthquakes.
A very great app..
5 stars app!.
Waiting for the Apocalypse....good app!.
very informative use it for research.
Nice application and very useful.
Enjoy it all the time!.
Great app good info.
Will recommend works great.
map it was better with the previous version.
Great easy to use app.
Nice real time alerts.
Good quick info globally.
Easy to understand and change settings.
Does what it says. Nice features..
To the point and informative where when how big.
Great app very accurate.
Good application with accurate epicenter.
This is a good working app.
Thank you for creating this app.
Like the app because it is informational.
Does exactly what it says on the box.
This is a very informative app.
Interesting and informative App!.
Just excellent and still is!.
Easy to use and very informative.
Very accurate thank you.
So far so good.
Good app for earthquake alert.
Great real time info.
as a geologist, I love it..
Very enlightening, useful..
Great map. Simple and clear..
Great app. Works perfectly..
Great, informative app..
Yeah ~.
Nice app. Very informative..
Simple to use. Thank you..
Excellent and informative.Everything I need.
Great app. Use it everday..
Keeps me informed keeps me informed.
Great and usefull app...thanks.
Useful app. Very good..
Brilliant- so informative.
Easy to use & understand!.
Great information and visuals..
Easy to use and understand..
Simple and practical app..
Easy to use and accurate..
Nice Job. Well done..
This app is fantastic ..
Thank you.....
Great app. Simple to use....
This app is great .
GOOD EARTHQUAKE APP TOO HAGOOD ONE  P.
It works perfectly..
Easy to use... plenty info.
It's easy to use..
Very useful app..
very handy tool..
Very useful app..
Pretty cool app..
An excellent app..
It's very useful.
Great app thanks..
I enjoy this app..
Great app . Thanks.
Very good app .
Its ok....
Very good App..
I'm. Really. Enjoying. This.
Great and useful. Just great......
Good App!.
Great app !.
Great app!.
Awesome job!.
Great app!.
Love the map!.
Great app!.
Great app!.
Good apps...thank u.
Useful information!.
Super.
Efficient UI. Reliable..
Love it. Use it daily..
Important information!.
Great App!!.
Excellent app...i love it.
Good for quick reference.
It is better informative.
Easy to use and fast.
Very helpful app.
Its good app.
Very good app.
The best application.
Good earthquake infot.
Very informative and accurate.
Excellent for earthquake news.
Good concise info.
Very useful and informative.
A good package.
Excellent timely information.
Good for a quick overview.
Love this app!!.
Very up to the minute.
very good aplication.
Very useful and important.
the best out there.
It is good app.
Best Alert App.
Great info and maps.
It is a great app.
Great app. Love it..
Great layout and information.
Great app love it.
Its a good app.
Very good alerts.
Gives good information.
welldone greate app.
Great App.
Great app.
Nice. I like it..
Informative and reliable..
Fine app PEACE...BE SAFE....
Great notifications..
Essential application..
Very informative..
Very informative..
Very informative..
Nice application..
Great app..!.
handful.
Ok.
.
i like it.
hggg.
Goods.
ok.
Grear.
Apurba.
buena.
Helps.
Like.
Nothing.
BITCHEN.
Na.
Goody.
Love the app..
Love this app..
Very reliable..
Nice and easy..
Useful apps..
Very useful..
Easy to use..
Great app !!!!.
Wow.. Verry accurate...
Very good .
It's cool..
So useful..
Great job..
Great app..
Very good..
It's great.
nice apps..
Great app..
It's great.
Great app..
Much good.
Good app..
Good app..
good job.
Best app..
Cool App..
Love!.
Great!.
Awesome!.
Love it!.
Love it!.
.
Excellent!.
Excellent!.
Spectacular!.
Interesting !.
Outstanding!.
Enjoying it !!.
Awesome!!!.
love it!!!.
Very good.
Very informative.
Excellent app.
Wonderful app.
Working good.
Too good.
Good job.
Is good.
Great app.
Nice information.
great app.
thumbs up.
Very accurate.
Great app.
The best.
Very good.
Awesome sauce.
Useful and Helpfull.
Very useful.
Very informative.
Great APP.
great app.
Very useful.
Great app.
Great app.
Simple to use.
very accurate.
great alerts.
Good application.
Love it love it.
Thumbs up.
Updated regularly.
Its cool.
Fast updates.
Great app.
Very helpful.
useful app.
Its helpful.
Good information.
Very educational.
Excellent application.
Very helpful.
Good to have.
Good app.
Quick and accurate.
Great app.
good app.
Very good.
Good to know.
Just brilliant.
Its great.
Good app.
Excellent app.
Cool apps.
Love this app.
Good app.
Be informed.
Very informative.
Very helpful.
Good app.
Great app.
Best app.
Exactly as described.
Fast info.
Very good.
Works great.
Very informative.
Nice app.
Awesome app.
Good apps.
Excellent app.
good app.
Good job.
Good app.
Good Apps.
Great and to the point.
Excellent App.
Very informative.
Very informative.
easy to use.
Great app.
Enjoy this app.
good descriptions.
Good job.
Best app.
Very useful.
The best.
Excellent App.
Great apps.
Nicely designed.
Its great.
Very useful.
Great app.
Very good.
Nice app.
Great app.
Very informative.
Very good.
Excellent app.
Easy to understand.
Nice app.
Great app.
Works great.
Great app.
Good apps.
Great app.
Very informative.
Love this app.
Useful app.
Really good.
Great app.
Awesome.
Love it..
great .
Great.
Awesome.
Good.
awesome.
Great.
Great.
Good.
Great.
Beauty.
Love it.
Great.
Good.
good.
Informative.
Good.
Love it.
Nice.
Great.
Good.
Kewl.
Excellent.
Awesome.
Good.
Love it.
Awesome.
Good.
Love it.
Informative.
Love it.
Great.
Amazing.
Good.
Great.
Lit.
good.
Awesome.
good.
Good.
Love it.
Accuracy.
Good.
interesting.
Awesome.
Great.
Useful.
Good.
EXCELLENT.
Good.
Awesome.
Nice.
Useful.
Good.
Excellent.
Helpful.
good.
Good.
Love it.
EXCELLENT.
Good.
Good.
Fabulous.
Love it.
Cool.
Great.
Great.
Informative.
Good.
Grrrrreat.
good.
Good.
Love it.
Nice.
cool.
Usefull.
good.
Lovely.
Good.
Good.
Love it.
Awesome.
Excellent.
Good.
great.
Good.
It's great. I check it all day recently because I have family on the Big 
Island of Hawaii. Plus earthquakes amaze and terrify me . I lived thru a 
big one in 1971 and I want to know when and where they are happening..
My go-to app for earthquakes. Let's me an eye on what's going on around 
friends and family out in California regarding earthquakes..
I was loving it the way the information was presented, but since 2 days ago 
there is an extra step to perform to see the maps the ways was presented 
before. Une extra step is nothing you will say, but when you want to open 
several maps, this become a pain. Why did they change the apps?.
I like this app a lot!.
Love it been rocking it for more than 5 years. Very informative.
Great to be able to look all over the world and see what is happening!.
I like it!.
Love this app maybe news stations should use it!.
Keep up the good work.
Love this site!!.
Reliable information..
Nice and reliable..
Very good.
Cool.
Was my fav EQ app for yrs and then the upgrade and now when I tap the 
latest EQ it no longer goes to the map. Going to have to look for new App. 
.
My go to tremor app.
I like it!!.
One of my favorites apps.
I like its.... This app.
It's very useful and important..
Updated 5/12/18 and doesnt work now!!.
Awesome app and easy to use.
Great app.
Absolutely sucks! Constantly getting alerts but when I click on them it says no earthquakes found using my current filters. I have emailed the developer several times and have not gotten a response. Mind you, I have the paid version. This is on a Galaxy S8+, not some cheap phone..
I downloaded this to help keep me safe from earthquakes. I've been involved in two major ones this last week, but the app didn't alert me to them until 30 minutes after they happened! Useless! Will not help keep me safe at all..
Mark 13:8 KJV For nation shall rise against nation, and kingdom against kingdom: and there shall be earthquakes in divers places, and there shall be famines and troubles: these are the beginnings of sorrows. It would be nice if the weekly stats got fixed, Sunday, the mark of the Roman Catholic Beast, is the first day of the week not the last. Weekly statistics should be reset at the end of Sabbath day which is the last day, the 7th day, that's now called Saturday..
"Alerts" me up to 30 MINS AFTER an earthquake in Japan. It also requires an ADDITIONAL APP to actually send alerts via notifications (which is also a piece of broken crud).  AVOID THIS APP..
Completely ignores some earthquakes, yet gives good alerts for others, regardless of the customised options I've selected. A 7.2 earthquake happened in the last day, yet no alert received..
Last night there was a 3.2 16 miles away from where I live. The quake was in Friday Harbour,  Washington and I live across the straight in Victoria, BC Canada. No alerts and my settings are for alerts 3000 miles away. I also have the pro version so no excuses!.
USGS is not reporting earthquakes... Needs other data sources for accuracy. Bad mojo here....
Great app  I like it . Works great. I never knew there was so much seismic activity in the world on a daily basis. Very informative..
Suddenly not giving notifications. Was working great. Now test button won't work. Guess I'll uninstall and reinstall. Really like it ...when it was working properly..
Would give it 5 stars but for the stupid ads..
Like this app but it should include EQ >M 7.0, so if I want ONLY EQ above that magnitude it should have those as options, i.e.- M 7.5, 8.0, 8.5..
An earthquake in Los Angeles 36 hours ago with no alert or report! How does an app like this miss an event like that?.
It is nice app for all disaster management group  and all state  take over the app.
Bad update now deleting!.
This app hasn't worked right in over a year. Finally deleted it..
Finally! An app that works. Tried over a dozen before finding this one. Good work Josh!.
Job well done!.
Not working, it just keeps loading.
Seems fairly good....Heard about it on the news from a local news channel as the weatherman had the app on his phone..
I add this on every phone and have used it for a couple years. Great very 
happy.
Cant Detec In Indonesia.
Living on an active volcano makes me appreciate this app a lot!.
It have all world contryis and its very nice.
Maps not coming.
Keeps crashing.
Keep crashing.
Good job.
Thumbs up.
Thank to safe.
Better app.
Great app.
Good.
Good.
Love it.
To me. I think this earthquake app is very very accurate. I love it. So I can monitor any earthquake types at all times. Since I been watching and monitoring the hurricanes of year 2017 and earth quakes as well. So this app got me monitoring all type of disasters cuz of this app for example. The End of the world yet to come. Its very useful and important. So far so good. Love it. Keep it up dev.
Great app. Easy to use, has alot of info. Only downside is they don't show the new madrid fault line in USA. This is close to me, I'd like to know. Don't know how to contact them to ask to add that..
Mediocre.... Felt the earthquake and then got the update half hour later. Trying a different one....
Cannot turn the annoying sound off no matter what I do. I even uninstalled it and the noise was still there..
This is all I need: sorting by strength near me, maps, and several useful summaries. Would be willing to contribute for this app, not interested by the alerter companion app..
Great app doesn't take data battery etc and as I was in an earthquake the app was less than 2 minutes behind the shaking within 3 miles of location very quick to update and very accurate. Love this app one of the best.
this app is so small in size. very fast good accurate information and even says which earthquake is near you.
I really like this  app it was working really well up until three days ago I uninstalled  and reinstalled but it will not load please fix the problems I will be uninstalling for now..
too much delay.. the alerts are notified after 30mins delay by that time the damage is done and felt.
Not very good. Registered earthquakes everywhere but where I lived. California!.
Suddenly not seeing earthquakes I know are happening. Scotland, Iceland... Nothing. Uninstalled..
I like the app if it stop crashing and stopping the app.
Las alertas llegan desfasadas hasta por 20 min por lo cual no sirve.
Great it show last earthquakes in Mexico 7.1 Puebla also news in the app to click great.
It's nice to know about seismic activity around globe.
I came here by Mexico earthquake so I want to alert for earthquake . I think it's work . Be safe guys..
Hay que bajar otra aplicacin para que alerte cuando haya habido un sismo..
Well U can flog your log wen its hard then its all good wen the going gets 
soft.
Using in dissertation, really handy with earth quake alert notification add on.
Good app. I like the magnitude filter and the fact they have news about it that's easy to access..
Earthquake Alert??? Hmmm after downloading it I tried setting up the alerts and it tells you to download another app to get alerts.
Keeps loading, never finishing...
Super! Beyond the best!!!.
Great app to stay on top of earthquakes!.
Doesn't work.
Love it, simple and easy to use. Double thumbs up.
Best erthquake alert..
A++++ Excellent Programing and Programmer Samsung Note 8.
Easy to use, up-to-date data - perfect.
I like it.
Its very useful for educational purposes...
Good but before no warning.
Very useful Earthquake app..
I love this app good working this app.
Very very useful App.
Nice But slowly alerts.
Sucks.
I recommend app.
Accurate, focused, useful.
Very informative!.
good app.
its Great.
Nice app.
Great app.
Great.
Good.
Josh has the Only app, that I know of, that reports "Earthquakes you may have felt" near your location!  This sets his app above all others, as I understand, from many of my earthquake watchers. The rest of the app is equally awesome! Thanks Josh, for keeping this app able to run on even old Android versions :-).
Update has fixed the problem. 5 stars.   Quit working, and I am not the only one having this problem. "Something went wrong fetching quakes:org. json.JASONException:value&lt;!DOCTYPE of type java.lang. String cannot be converted to JSON object".
Each time the app quits working (it was down for several days this time), I've sent a bug report to the dev with a screenshot of whatever error message is showing up and I've never once received a response. Apparently he doesn't want to hear from customers so I guess I'll stop doing that and just leave crappy reviews like everyone else does..
Since this last update i have not been able to view any earthquakes even though i get alerts for the earthquakes,   When i open the earthquakes list  the app says  no internet connection,  the notification tab on the menu shows that it is connected,   the is showing up when i am connected at home on home WiFi or when i am out and about and connect to hot spots    I really do like this app but the last couple of weeks it has been a little difficult to follow the earthquake activity.
I use this app daily, even though I'm not in an active earthquake zone I'm always interested in when and where they happen. It works 99% of time but sometimes updates can cause instability but are usually fix quickly..
This is my favorite earthquake app. I've used it for years, on four Smartphones and one tablet. It does everything it says. I've used it many times to check quake stats, share details and file my USGS DYFI Report. As a SoCal resident, this app really comes in handy. Thank you, developers. .
Very limited functionality, was not able to find a way to narrow it down to alerts based on the way I wanted it to.  Only had canned options..
By far this app has been the best for earthquakes.  It is easy to filter by magnitude and quickly let's me see what is happening.  It links efficiently to USGS if I want more details..
Dont install it.. big earthquake in my area have passed 1 hour.. this apps still show no warning/alert. So bad..
This is the most complete Earthquake App!! I highly recommend it. I check daily as I live in an Earthquake zone. It runs easily on my Android, which is amazing. Additionally, the news is informative. Well Done !.
Hey the application has stopped working.  Says it can't connect to Internet / USGS.  All other apps conect..
Hey guys, how do you do that news feed where it only shows when you scroll down?.
Great app. Works great after the update, thanks to the developer for fixing so quickly!.
It's working again after the update! Great app once again!.
In 04:08 in skopje macedonia has earthquaqe this app didn't alter me, for other countries I recive alters but for my I don't. Magnitude 4.2. WHY?.
I use the paid version in this app, but the ads still appear...
Good but one of them shows the wrong date. Pls fix this.
Thank you for fixing the bugs. Love this app and I didn't want to give it up..
My go to app for earthquakes.
This doesnt work anymore.
Great App for finding out what's happening near loved ones.
It's a great app for reporting on earthquakes from around the world with maps and world news reports.
Good to know the magnitude of quakes in short time.
App stopped working this week.
Great job guys.  End Times Headline News on Youtube uses you daily!  yt jbossman008..
Really like this app now that error message has been resolved..
Thanks for this app. Because I'm updated always about earthquake..
Fixed recent data issue.  Best earthquake app by far, still!.
After uninstall....new install w/ updates works great.... Samsung G s5 mini.
News for local and international earthquakes..
This app sucks.
Brief updates. Like the format very much. Excellent.
Love it!.
I love this app.
Not bad, works pretty good.
Thanks for this application.
Need alert.
Like this app.
Well app.
Best app for earthquake.easy to use.
Nice app!.
It is nice to work.
Very nice app.
The best applications.
SHAKIR.
Good app.
Important app.
awesome.
App was working great for a long time, but recently stopped getting data from the servers.  Add on Alerter app still works, constantly alerting me, but nothing in this app.  Sent email to the Dev a week ago, no response.  Tried resetting app to installation defaults too.  Uninstalled.  Moved on to Earthquakes Tracker, by DoubleR Software, and back up with faster notifications (don't need add on app), and more configurability.  Happy now..
Now it just quit working so will dump in a day if not fixed. Ticked at the anti trump crap. Got this app to obsetve earthquakes not Trump protests. If that stuff keeps coming up in news I will dump the app. I have enough news programs..
I paid for the Add-on Pro. Like so many before me complained, when I tap "details," the app shuts down. I strongly urge that if you cannot fix the problem, find someone who can.       UPDATE : Thank you for fixing the issue with "details!" The app is back to its brilliant self - perfect! 5 Stars.
The app has worked fine until just recently. Quit working suddenly. The message that tells why displays for about 1.5 seconds, (fine if you read 6 to 8 hundred words per minute. ).
Had some doubts after reading some of the reviews. So I compared it with multiple sites and confirmed that it is reporting every single earth quake accurately and on time..
I used to love this app. Had it on my phone for a long time.. Today nothing will load. Don't know if it was a new update or what, but I tried everything and it won't bring up any information..
Doesn't need any special access to my stuff. Tells me immediately what I want to know. BEST Quake App!.
We just had several 5,7 earthquakes So I downloaded this app. Instantly it loaded current acute info. I'm impressed!  : D.
If you understand tectonics and have a working understanding of geology, this app is great for educational purposes. Spend a few weeks studying the earthquake patterns of our earth, and you won't freak out the next time someone tries to claim that the most recent earthquake "swarm" is signaling the end of the world..
Stopped working today comingn up error is anybody else having this issue's today working yesterday is this now. smart phone app now.
This app has major issues, Java script is broken, map doesn't show any activity, force closes. Been going on for a week now!! Please fix.
Great app, but 15 min to show info about a 6+ earthquake is a lot.  By the time the app updates the list, I've already found info from social medias and local news.
it doesn't load anymore just keeps showing loading icon since last few weeks, kindly solve thanks.
The earthquake data and news stories won't update as long as I'm on my wifi network.  It updates fine on my mobile data..
Stopped working, no earthquake data. News articles are there. Been using this app for years and this is first time a fault as occurred..
But why is there an add at the bottom of the news column (even after paying for the alert plugin)  Also, recent quakes 16Jan17 in Albania were not reported and only some of the quakes in Italy on 18Jan17 were reported.
I view this app constantly throughout the day...I see alerts before news breaks of any major earthquake..
I had this on another phone and it worked great. Downloaded it 3 times on my new phone and the last time it crashed as soon as I opened it..
I'm no longer being notifications from this app anymore. I haven't changed anything and I have the alert pro installed..
Its a great app but hasn't worked in days!! Also crashes a lot the past few months..
I've been using this app for a couple of years without any problems but today it's not working at all. Please fix!.
All of a sudden stopped working on my android phone. Uninstalled and reloaded multiple times.  No go..
shows a 4.1 in nz was 7.1 and just had another shake 20min ago. nothing up.
Never get notifications and yes I have the other app. Well, won't in a couple of minutes..
It stopped working all of a sudden. Error box appears and tapping on STATS will exit the app..
Was it wasn't hard to find what I was looking for. Has great information more than I expected.
I have the add-on installed, we had a 5.6 earthquake few days ago and i hit no notification..
Loved this app but no longer works, has it ceased to be updated? Edit 04/06. Not working at all now. Fixing it? Hope all is well in your life, .
All 4 magnitude and above! Otherwise, pretty acurate, I searched on Google to see if these were accurate, and they are.
Glad I found this app.. Keeps me informed because I have family in Japan and California. Thx. .
Great app! Both informative and interesting. Clean design, too. Would like to see more scientific-based tools of this sort..
This app is so easy i can use it...  The information it gives you is amazing. I wish all apps would be this easy, informative and fun...  thank you for designing it.....
More than 15 earthquakes in my city, only two shown, and NO NOTIFICATIONS!!!.
Had this installed for a year and worked fine. Now suddenly i get an alert but when i check for map location no info is available.
It is inoperable, not working. It is not loading on any phones. Uninstalled and reinstalled and the same..
Godsend for every paranoid earthquake-watcher. Addictive and fun. Good ux and ui. 5 stars from me.
Earth quakes under magnitude of 5.5 is not recorded therefore this app won't help u if little quakes start..
Was working well but like others as of today stopped working..
Very useful, accurate nd wesome app.
Crashes whenever I try to open it. Please try to fix this bug..
App no longer works. Gets an error.  Uninstalled, found another app to replace it..
Used to be a great app, but for the last 2 weeks it doesn't capture active earthquake data. Sent messages but developer, but he doesn't doesn't respond..
Great to check out earthquakes near me (Hawaii) and all over the world. Region settings good. I like the news link stories..
The app still sends alerts but cant see where they are.
March 3, 2017. Version 2.0.3 - Not getting data..  Error: 'Something went wrong fetching quakes: org.json.JSONException: Value <! DOCTYPE of type java.land.String cannot be converted to JSONObject'  Tried clearing cache, and uninstall/reinstall  - no change.. Did USGS change their format, again??  RG.
The chain of Earthquakes I felt on Wednesday, December 28 I wanted to know what and where they came from , and to learn of others on the Pacific plates and the massive amount of activities. Thank you..
The app no longer works , it throws a JAVA error. Tested on multiple devices too..
Does not give notifications when there is an earthquake near by..
App isn't working.  Getting an error all the time.
App has stopped working. Won't connect..
Fails to retrieve data. Moving to Earthquake Network instead..
Not interested in whole world...just United States.
Doesn't have any earthquakes that have happened lately. Used to be good..
I love this application it is awesome it tell you all the earthquake accuracy pin points the country area affected earthquake alert thumbs up.
Stopped working today.. Needs to be updated.
Just downloaded this app because of the earthquake swarm in Hathorne,  NV. Works great, gives me worldwide information,  shows the distance of each quake to me..
This app used to work great, now just get error messages..
It stopped working not reporting.
Have to download a separate app for notifications and the free version only notifies on 3.0 or higher. Not what I was hoping for..
It's a nice app overall. Interesting fact: The app is called Earthquake Alert but it doesn't alert you unless you pay for it. .
Does not work with Android 7.
I love this app, but it stopped working for me .
This app is so great,because when your in earthquake land,cities etc.,you can use this so you can evacuate emidiently..
I love this app...i just wish it would load earthquake right after it happens....
Stopped working all of a sudden.
As of this afternoon no data can be retrieved, the rest of the site works.
This is the best earthquake app. Updates almost immediately and is very informative..
Won't work anymore. Clearly a bug needs fixing..
Stopped working suddenly. Used to be good..
Why? I paid for no ads. Still get them in the news section..
An earthquake is happening right now.
ts a s  at.  ts a st a .
Is a great app to find out all recent earthquakes.
Useful Let us see 1.0 earthquakes from over the world useful.
Not sure why but no longer works..
The only app you need..
It update the data in about 5 hrs.
Not working. Why?.
-.
Maps do not display..
Earlier it was good now it does nothing....what's going on now....
I've tried many, and this is the best..
No notifications at all.
Not getting it today 4mar.
Freezes.
Thanks for the update Josh.....
Great job.
Cant see philippines...
Earthquake !!!!!!!.
Thank you.
Not very effectiv3.
Ok 4 u.
Error message.
Best app of its kind!.
I like it.
This app is save my life.
Quits working.
It stinks.
Very informative app!.
best app for earthquake alerts..
Very intresting! E..
Mararaattok ..
Very nice.
Very good app.
Really good.
Very good app.
Broken..
Love it as well..
Yes.....
Clean easy to use....
Ok.
Finest one..
Nice apps.
I love it.
Accurate.
Very accurate.
Good.
Nice.
Good.
Best.
Good.
Nice.
A great and very clean app.  The problem started within the past week and I believe it has something to do with recent Google updates (not the OS)... The problem is when I view 'details' in the menu or while I'm in the map and hit a quake to bring up info ...the app. crashes.....
I rate it the best app in play store 1 in a million Check all the whiners this is a winner for sure its easy to navigate, no ads, loads fast, is helpful, customizable, doesn't suck battery, closes on exit. SORRY ALL YOU HATERS & Whiners your missing out big time.
One of my favourite apps. Living in southern California is scary but it's interesting to see the pattern of earthquake occurrences. If we could somehow predict with the patterns, I'm working on it!!!! But we can't stop it but if it's coming we can get the hell away! Thank you for your app!.
Following the recent quakes in Japan this app was perfect for helping know what our family was facing & how our disaster relief team could prepare. Now, our team is on the ground & none of the quakes they're feeling are even shown....& they are not all small either! What's up?.
Won't load, constant errors loading maps and info. Uninstalling will try again. S5 update, still issues, "get fetching quakes error".
Why is there not any feedback back to comments from the apps team . I'm  giving this a shot based on stars. Bit so far I'm not happy had to download an add-on app(why?) those are the worst. I need alerts fast. Can apps do that or am I better off just checking the actual sites ever so often. I'll be back.
App installed and now unistalled  .... it wakes me up 4 hotrs after the,quake with a notification  of a quake that has been on their list since 5 min after the quake ..... really have no need for that & there is no available setting to turn off notifications ... good bye.
The alarm didnt go off even after we had a 6.5 eartquake here in Ecuador. Maybe it works better in other countries.
We always have an earthquake where I live (Gili Trawangan Island, Indonesia)  but it often takes almost a day to update me, this renders this app useless to me..
This used to work now in spite of my uninstalling it and re installing it twice, I cannot gwt any news feeds?.
I have tried  several, almost all. I prefer this one. It is very  easy to use. it gives several types of information in regards to the subject. Keeps me well informed and alert in case of an emergency in my area..
Whatever tectonic forces are awry in this software causes it to fatally  succumb whenever I try and see an event on the map or drill down to details..
Liked it when I first got it but realized that it was not showing earthquakes in the middle east and Europe unless they were news worthy regardless of magnitude . 8/27/16 this app is showing EQ in Italy and Afghanistan right now, that's it, my other app is showing those Plus Spain, Turkey, Greece, Finland, France. It shouldn't say "world" if it misses that much. My other app also alerts me up to 30 minutes earlier sometimes. Uninstalled..
July 18 2016. Earthquake on the East Coast in West Virginia magnitude 4.0 Plus. Not on the USGS feed or this app. But at least the Europeans system reports it. What a waste of space on my phone.
I set the alerts for quakes with magnitude 6+, yet i get notifications for quakes with magnitude 4 and above. Uninstalling..
I would recommend you double check earthquake data with the emsc.eu website as it has been observed recently that usgs does not always report all events..
Powerful app to give to you accurate tremors along with regular and timely seismic activity. A must-have for users across all tectonic zones..
Been using this App to prove my hubby wrong for over a year. Works great and always UTD..
Would have given 5 stars, but, this app has started crashing when you check on a particular earthquake..
Have notifications set for lowest....rarely goes off but we have 5-15 quakes a day..
Very cool app.  Let's u see what's going on globally around the world with seismic activity..
BE ALWAYS IN THE KNOW ABOUT WHEN AND WHERE EARTHQUAKES HIT AND  DAMAGE INFO ETC. THX I RECOMMEND EVERYONE HAVE THIS APP..
Hate it this the app on my phone coming up connected but go to check up a earthquake location or info it says sorry no internet were there's nothing wrong with this is a bugging issue in my S6.
Is Free and it works and is easy on phone space and resources. I love it, when I found this I quit looking at earthquake apps..
Feel it doesn't work. I keep getting a 404 error message.
After updating it take so much time to load the data plzzz solve it & do the needful.
This app used to work great.   I even paid for the upgrade.    I've Uninstalled and still doesn't work.
Just downloaded. Why do I need to download yet another app to get the notifications??.
Used to be my favorite app until it turned into a liberal rag and joined the Trump bashing ! Goodbye establishment !!!.
I know it says Earthquake alert but does the app also alert on tsunami's as well?.
Shows everything i want to see. The way i want to see it. The only problem is it wants u to pay for notifications..
Closes when I click on any item on the pop-up bar.
This app will crash everytime i tap into earthquake details..
Me esta apareciendo un anuncio de que mi telefono esta infectado con un  virus y esos anuncios molestan..
Very good information from all over the world. User friendly.
Loved it 'till it stopped giving info - 3 days now.
Fantastic. Class among the earth quake apps of all..
This only works ..... if our satellites remain floating in the skies..
I am the only alien living here on mars so it sure comes in handy to me.
Useful application.
Its useful app.
Tells you the nearest earthquake in minutes or even seconds.
This is a great app, nice work..
just install after 25 December 2015 Earth Quick. Nice app.
Alert for Earthquake should be disseminated entire community.
Borrego springs ca ().
I will prefer this app for alert of earthquake. It helped me in the earthquake.
Is it worth buying the app??.
it is very essential for earthquake alarming area.
Need more improvements.
Hello to Jason Isaacs.
Maravilloso.
Bt please give free version.
Love this app fast posts and easy to use.
nice.
Love this app. Works great. Keeps me informed. ;).
It simply works for me..
This Earthquake seener is very good.
Boring App.
Das.
NOTE 4.
Best Earthquake App Ever!!.
need it improve.....
Alot of Information.
delay updateed.
It's good.
Earth quake.
So helpful aap.
Download all.
Very helpful app.
Great app. Easy to use..
It's really awesome..
Great app!.
Great app.
Very useful.
Awesome.
Love it !!.
Great.
like it.
Sweeto.
Working nicely.
Cool aap.
Great apps.
Very good.
Good info.
Thanks.
Good app....
Best.
Useful.
Good.
Great.
Lovely.
I love the UI of this app. It's gorgeous and easy to use, and the filters are clever, too. The map is my favorite aspect of the app. It's so well done. But do you know what isn't well done? The actual program. This app has never been great about alerts. It never logs some that I know happened (other apps find them!) and what's more, it takes 30 minutes to find an earthquake and log it. And now, I get no alerts. Oh well. So long, fare well..
New stats feature is excellent! One bit of info that may be nice is whether earthquake activity has increased. And is there any correlation between events or series of events? As the plates shuffle around building and releasing pressure, is it possible to 'see' the activity around the globe much like a wave propagates? Perhaps leading to increased probability of an event in a particular region to due activity in a correlating region?.
I love the new STATS feature. Had the app on my Note II, I LIKED it. Just installed on my new S4 and I LOVE it now. I use the add-on notification app. Would like to get alerts on my PEBBLE Watch abbreviated so I don't have to scroll down. ie 7.2 Japan, and a button press on the watch to open the app on phone for details or open map..
Useless.  This app uses flashing ads, which are highly distracting and make it difficult to read the text.  Some of the content providers for the news have ads that cover the screen, making it impossible to use the app.  I have no problem with ads.  They're the reason I can get apps without paying for them.  But ads that render an app useless are unacceptable, and probably also ineffective.  Consider less intrusive ads..
Latest addition of statistics tab is great as you get to see an overall summary of earthquakes for the day  which is quite mind boggling! Excellent app and worth having just to see how many earthquakes happen around the world. PS sometimes i hear about major earthquakes through the app before i hear about them on the news!.
This app has a nice interface, but once I've set my filter for notifying me of earth quakes, it hasn't notified my once in four weeks. I know for a fact there has been earth quakes in the area I have my filter set to... It's very frustrating. Am I doing something wrong?.
Because that's the only thing it does. It doesn't give notif whatsoever, even 1 day after earthquake happens, despite with add on installed. Do not rely on this rubbish app.
This use to be a great app.  Last 3 months never get notified of any activity now.  Today, a 3.5 was 7 miles from my home and nothing even after 30 minutes.   Use to be would be notified within few minutes within my settings. 2as so nice to know if dogs were freaking out because of EQ.  Multiple email to developer no response..
The creator of this app has taken USGS data and made it readable for normal humans. I hate going to the USGS site to decipher their quake data. Their site is totally non-user friendly. This app is the shiz. Well done and thank you! Such a great app..
Living in earthquake country, it's essential to have an accurate and informative app.  This is the best one I've ever tried, with links to current news reports and twitter postings, as well as the standard maps and graphics.  Great job!.
The app will not load once opened. Just keeps loading & loading but nothing ever pops up on the pages..
I have yet to see it show up recent earthquakes. Saw it on the news, this app. didn't pick it up on several occasions. I'll just watch the news. It works better..
I would like to see more fault lines like the san andreas fault etc. And names of the tectonic plates.  Other than that...keep up the good work!.
Only bad note about this app: gotta pay to get notifications while other similar apps offer that feature for free. This offers a lot if dead useful info, makes a good backup/recap app, but it's second tier for now.
This app missed some alert which shake Nepal on14 Feb, arround 8:00 pm to 9:00 pm, 2016 many time i refreshed and tried to get information but found skipped!.
I love this app. It use to work great but now it just spins like it can't connect to a server.  What's going on?.
The movie San Andreas kinda gave me the same push to fownload this app. Sabahan should download it!.
I have been using this site for a long time now. It just keeps getting better and better. Very easy to understand .Love the new updates. Keep up the good work..
I live in a state that now has earthquakes, and I have my filters set to 1.0+ , I feel small quakes, and they are not being listed, starting to consider a different app..
While I appreciate the layout/design, 2 hrs waiting for notification on the Victoria 4.6 is simply too long. Competitive products that are free are minutes..
Being in a 7.8 earthquake in Nepal I now am curious where they hit. I also like the other alert app that sends me instand notice when a big one hits somewhere..
We can never be ready for mother nature. God bless all the nations people whom actually experienced the rath of mother nature at her worst in some shape or form..
Good app. However it shows my location 300 miles from where I live. I cant find away to correct it. Other than that it is a great app..
Thanks god for this apps.... i will now know when does earthquake happens in Malaysia... this is the second time in this years Sabah had been shock by an earthquake..... Pray for Sabah.
When i select an item to see more details, the app display a window with the following error message: "Unfortunately, Earthquake Alert! has stoped" and when i press the "OK" button, the app display a black window..
Great application. it gives the information I want without bothering me with constant annoying alerts..
Good app!!! But 1 problem, it won't zoom out more so that I can see the whole!!! Please fix this issue!!! Because of that you got 4 stars,5 stars when you ll fix that issue!!!!.
I know developers need to make money, but flashing red, annoying ads are making me reconsider keeping what otherwise is a great app..
I don't rate apps unless I hated it. But this app is one of the best I've seen. I wish more apps could be this user friendly..
Love the app, it's way better than many other earthquake maps I tried and love all the extra info. They give :).
Thank you so much..  From sabah.  Just now 3.9 and then again 5.1 i hope no more. Pray for sabah.
Good while it lasted..
Keeps saying "No Data"... But clearly there has been activity going on here (Alaska) according to other sites that track earthquakes..
this app not detected earthquakes properly...
I added location and to used I have to upgrade for fee!? To bad , sad ...
Works very well.  Would like updates faster if possible.  Alerts take around 20 min from the time they occur.  I would give it a full five stars if this was improoved..
Gives notifications 15 - 30 minutes after the fact. Garbage app, uninstalling. Get your crap together!.
Love it. Useful, user-friendly, and accurate. It has everything I am looking for..
Pro: Useful with the GPS and mapping features. Con: information on earthquake does not show up for 8-10 minutes after the event.
I never thought I'll be using this apps.. The earthquake in Sabah Malaysia still continues.. Pray for Sabah.. Thanks 4 this apps...
4.2 magnitude earthquake right by me, and this thing doesn't even show it. It's all over the bloody news too..
I LOVE being able to go to Stats with one click and find out the nearest, biggest and total number of earthquakes for the day..
the custom location doesn't work. tried more than 10x. wasting my time.  uninstall..
I am live in India, I have fear from earthquake. This app shows detail of earthquake activies in India.
Needs more fault lines on the map. I live in the midwest and none are shown in my area..
This app gives the best qeographical maps of the Earth. It can zero in on any place. I  rate this supreme..
Your alert received me 21 min later when earthquake hit Pakistan today.
App never send me the notifications with the filter create..
It is very easy to use and can give accurate earthquake alerts..
I have never in a million years would thought to install this kind of apps until unexpected earthquake hit our state recently. Pray for Sabah Borneo!.
Im trauma now,but i hope this app can help me to be ware.... #prayforsabah #kekaltabahsabah.
The utility of this app is great, I'm alerted with custom settings for key areas of interest to me..
I hope this can tell us what wll b happen abt earthquake...
Very cool app. I can see all the quakes around the world..
Used to be able to zoom out and see the whole globe. Now I have to scroll around in a little window.
Love this app, especially because Im in Northern California.  However, I just updated  my S5 to lollipop  and updated the app, and all I get is a circle spinning?.
I was in nepal but luckily in dharan and then I come back hk where I live and born thank earthquakes alert  I downloaded  this app in nepal thank but in the first I think  it just a joke  but it was real thanks to who make this :-):-):-):-):-).
I wish it would have a better notification system..
I downloaded it this morning and it will not load. What a waste of time.....
Great improvements!  Top notch  earthquake app!.
Great apps becaus i live in sabah..and then sabah have a news about earthquakes.
When I open it app it close  plz fix it.
Thank you sir.. From Mount Kinabalu.. Borneo..
Love the new stats tab. Shows me everything I need to know..
Please add back the plus and minus button on the map...pinch zoom is fine but the buttons are much better...thanks again from one developer to another.. :-).
Most of them were lies and i hate that.
Quick, accurate info and maps on what interests you. Highly recommended..
As geologist we have to answer many of our friend regarding happening earthquake and this app is helping us very much..
Seems to need a real fast connection as it doesnt always load. Nice interface.
Logan Muller you have too download "earthquake alerter free" to get notifications. This app is great. Think about changing your rating..
I never use this until I had experienced the earthquake in this my beloved country ..Sabah Below The Wind.
I THINK AT THI POINT N TIME EVERYONE SHUD HAVE THIS APP. I WANA SHARE THIS TO FREINDS...
Love This App and I have no problems it.  Easy to use too!.
Just now at 2.30am 13.6.15 earthquake happened.
There was a 5.2 earthquake in Ranau Malaysia on 13/6/15 @ 0229hrs but I received No alert at all.. Please fix it...
Been using apps just for New Zealand. Found this I looking for a USGS app. Excels in all ways..
Works fantastic,  sometimes won't refresh but otherwise,  love it.
Been using this app for 4 years, not working any longer.
Me alerta los sismos de todo el mundo menos los de mi pas Costa Rica.
Best and clearly alert news.
harap2 brguna pada sy org Sabah..PRAY FOR SABAH.
Works as advertised. Nice interface and informative..
Dist app help me because in Oct 19 2015 there are earthquaik in are contry.
Dig around to find all info pertaining to areas affected & history ..
Need to install it. . Never thought I need this application.. Pray For Sabah.
Distance shown in Stats tab did not use the setting.
Very poor app.
Is muy iportante que le avicen a uno del peligro.
From past few days news is'nt getting displayed. Pls fix or advise.
Not showing alert even 10 min after earthquake..
Am seeing earthquake news from TV news..! Not from app..
I love this app because I'm safe of major quakes.
Settings will not allow distance preference..
Average please add advace features so that in advance we can know about earthquake..
Greatest way to keep up with quakes.
Sends warnings to my phone.
It helps us in our country Nepal.
good job devs , best one out there (Period).
I get all info I want to know. best Earthquake app.
Nice & useful app especially when I am living close to ring of fire.
Doesn't Notify Me..Even After Its Over!.
I like this app..
Devs you're doing greate. Appreciate your work. Greater app..
Beautiful, remember you need to install Earthquake alerter free, for alerts, it's a free add on..
I love the new stat tab. Great app, I'm on it frequently.
Hope its working..#pray for sabah....
No problem work right from the start.
It is so good for me to know about earthquake.
I hope this app can help...
This apps means a lot..From Borneo...
The new stats are awesome!.
Does not notify me.
Not  enough good.
Just show me what happen to my area.
CRASHING EVERYTIME!.
Best earthquake alert, no bug, works well for lollipop 5.0.
Seems to do alerts on the moto x pure. Seems to work good.
Installed - won't open..
Very streamlined and easy to use. Map is great !.
Havent tried yet ! But ill give 5stars to this apps ! Tnx.
Thank you for the good app, #sabah.
Great job on this app. Really love the stats information part..
I was surprised when it work so good. Thank you..
Works perfectly on my Samsung Galaxy W..
Bhavnagar.
GALAXY NOTE 3.
Penampang felt the quake.
Use all the time.
This is an awesome app,never had trouble with it.
So far so good, no issues, nice app.
Good working.
This is a must have app I love it especially when we travel.
It's useful.
Good.
Great and amazing app!.
Liked very much this app..
I choose d right app..ok helpful.
DONT LEAVE HOME WITHOUT IT...
FOR NOW IT HAS WORK FINE.
Distance units can't be changed. Probably bug..
Very useful..many in OKLAHOMA.
This app is pretty accurate...updates immediately.
I love the detailed filter options..
Very good.
No...doesn't work anymore.
I like this application.
This is a very nice app.
So far so good.
Perfect to confirm what I felt.
It is very usable app.
Nice application.
Ghatiya.
Earthquake alert.
Dkyadav.
Gives full information about recent earthquake.........
Sharna.
PrayForWorld PrayForSabah.
Siliguri.
Work slow.
Good app and current news..
GPS don't work properly..
So useful.
Very good.
Love this app.
Nice tool to have.
Very usefull app...
5.2 Sabah earthquake..
Best Earthquake App.
"310715...kfr...thank's..."020815"131115".
Love It....
Great app!.
Works great..
This is good app.
Save our life.
this is real.
Very useful App.
Love it.
Good information..
Nyyyyyyccccccc.
ok.
Like it.
Very useful...
Better.
Nice.
Good work.
Good for information.
Hehehe.
Good app.
Love it.
App.
Good job.
Liked it.
Great.
Nice app.
Good.
Nice...
Awesome.
Informative.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Loved it.
This is one of the best apps updates incidents quickly and briefly about earth quake.. I like it....
Mash one app.
It is an alright app. The problem is that the latest section shows one location for an earthquake butghe map shows some other location. That being said it has its good points as well. The map is pretty good. You have options to calibrate searches according to ur specifications plus u have a news section which allows you to stay up to date.  I would give  the app a 5* rating if you could update info about earthquakes faster.
Remove the ads or offer a paid version to remove ads and I'll give it a 5 star rating. Apps with ads simply stink and every app that has ads should offer a paid version to remove them it's that simple. No one likes ads they are  obtrusive ugly and distracting and makes the app itself look terrible..
Do u know a country named NEPAL exists, right? Despite hundreds of shakes, there had been no updates since last 48 hours or so. We would be thankful if u work on it..
It's main effectiveness would be in updating the quake data asap. It took more than 12 hrs to see the updates which makes this app useless at those moments. Till then we would have seen the updates in news already..
This app has been doing great til recently. Now, everytime the app is started, it reports there is "No Internet Connection " when clearly I'm connected and online.  It's apparent that it's not an internet connection issue, rather a server or site is down.  The error message from the app should reflect the actual data issue..
Not bad would like to see offline reading and ability to have a history greater than 50. Speeding up push notifications would be helpful too. There's also mention of local time at site of quake in the list or earthquakes..
We just received a shock of 4. 9 rector at 5. 20pm in Nepal. But the app shows no data. Need to work on updates asap.
At first i found it very useful. Now i uninstalled it because i found this app is trying to steal my personal pics from gallary, media. Guys be alerted! ... Why do u need to access my gallary media etc???? Why?? Crap!!!.
just ok....  problem is it dosent notify  all the quakes.  not even 50% .  i have experienced lot of qukes here in nepal but it dosent show all. sometimes not even 4.5 or 5m quakes.  i have other apps which is better..
I found this app when I got afraid of Nepal's massive earthquake and continuous aftarshocks.I can get a very fast,detailed information of earthquake happening in hole world.....this app is seriously very useful..
No custom notifications + No manual location setting! What would an adroid phone or tablet WITHOUT GPS do with this app? To make things worse this app says that alerts take 1.5 hours AFTER the actual qake! LOL this app truly is useless!!.
It doesn't shows the anything its just useless app.
Have to pay to get alerts of smaller quakes so guess it's only good if waiting for the big one.  And I think you're gonna feel that WAY before the app tells it's happened..
Thankyou im so much thankful for this app  ..my country has been hit by massive earthquake and it lets me know about the recent tremors.. Thankyou .
It was working fine till a few days ago. But now it has stopped showing most of the recent earthquakes. I hope you work on it..
It is not show our region (Nepal) earthquake . Here is earthquake above 4 magnitute many times of day but this app not show that info..so it is useless for my region.
Great good for neplease people .l am also Neplease boy and I dont need to ask anyone how much rector scale it has gone..
I am from Nepal. I wish I had this app installed before all of the phone and internet lines were disturbed..
When I get my alerts, the pop up description isn't showing information like it used to..
Great app. I haven't had any problems, since using it.
Downloading it after yesterday's Nepal earthquake, it might come  handy in being alert of frequent tremors..
Wow i will get now the latest updates about earthquake, this is very important, to know the latest updates about earthquake, so that we can prepare anytime, just like now on what's happening here in the philippines, PHIVOLCS said that we have to prepare for this BIG ONE, it's active and we dont know when it happens, so we have to prepare, just like today, the latest update according to the news there's an earthquake at davao city philippines (4.9) thanks for this application, it help us to become aware!.
Very informative and useful, provides information at a glance without the need to visit the  original site. Thanks dev!.
Gives quakes information all round the world which evr part u r living.... Simply lovin it...
After downloadling this, you have to download another add-on for the notifs to function. The app said notifs in free version may take 1.5hrs before it arrives. Totally defeats the purpose.
We are hitting each day by numbers of more than 5 magnitude of aftershocks but the record ain't showing  anyone ,will you please take a concern.
This is not an alert apps.... its only show you the quake news nd maps.
I like very much app it is always keep alert and awre to worldwide earthquqkw. Thak you.
Why it wont make me alert but after sake I am able to predict what magnitude it was..
It doesnt even show the correct data :-/ Just dnt like this app!!!.
Would be really great if we could see the whole world in one go. Also if you could choose EMSC as a data point too  really nice job though!.
Lots of eartquake going on in my country but doesnt show most of them.please improve this app..
Worked for 1 day then I got the message no Internet connection detected. I am writing and posting this review from the device that has no Internet connection..
Its been earthquake several times in nepal and i cant see update....
Im from Nepal and trust me this app is amazing and pretty useful in times of disaster like my country is going through!.
Very cool and works great. This app keeps you right on the edge of disaster. ..
This apps is good and really useful to all...informative type..
In saba  there is a earthquake in 5 june tkps.
Simple clear and effective way of getting precise earthquake related information from around the world.
No longer loads data on Nexus 4 and 7 very. 5.1.1.
If there is earthquake then it don't give alert..
It stopped working. Doesnt detect wifi!.
Alert come after half hour of earthquake ,  waste of time.
our country has been hit by massive earthquake..so it's our immense pleasure to get this app. Thanks a lot for creating this app.
Took 18 minutes for the event to show while on the Geofon website was updated in 4 minutes..
Very useful app..please add tsunami warning alert ..
Bcoz it do not show about earthqwake in india.....
Yeah notify me after 30 minutes .
It's a great app.. However it would be nice to see some addition informations such as tektronic plates. I'm not sure the about the spelling...
Thank for the awesome app it has helped me a lot during my country nepal's earthquake.
Now a days in Nepal coming lots of earthquakes per days.
This application is so helpful for earthquake effected countries like nepal. But this application have to give updates fast with sort of country..
What more could you ask for? This app. tells you everything. All the information is at your finger tips.. and for free! (Great)..
You saved my life.
Love this app. I was using it before the big quake in Japan watching all the small one leading up. Everyone should use this app for monitoring..
It is helpful app which not only shows info of recent quakes but also gives news relating it.
Really good app..just wish it showed how long the earthquakes were for.
Thank you to Devloper, very good and useful APp..
Still no data on Japan volcano, quakes. Just Dwayne Johnson in the San Andreas movie. Predictive?.
Fine for my country. I think so.
There has been so many  earthquake  more than  4+ but no updates from nepal.
My country is in massive earthquake.  This application is doing great.
Just felt an Earthquake and this app reported it immediately than even the USGS website. Easy to view and locate..
No one can predict about earth quack but this app is useful for  recent informations..
most usefull app. better than GeoNews App. but UI is not good..
Little confusing to achieve a success a touch screen is a must  on each location of a quake.
This app does exactly what I want, it doesn't give me a bunch of info I don't need..
It's really useful application.
Good to know what's shaking.
No update.
This app is very nice but bad.
The Alerts are perfect and notified much faster than News Channels and Media.
The best part, that is very easy to use..
It provides information about the earthquakes in the whole world.so this app is something great..
It doesn't display earthquake of nepal.
Don't wanna Hang on a pacific ocean beach without this app.
It is very good App to alert people from earth quack..
Not so quick..
would be grateful for complete update.
Very late update for earthquake in Nepal!!.
It is so helpfup app.
I love this app,  great notification settings. Lots of info on here.
It would be great if I could find the history view option ..
Freaking dknt show anything now.
I love being able to follow what is going on around the world..
Thanks man now it works 100.
Too many crashes ....
This app is not good but too good.
Super App. Everybody download it.
I thank for whom, who had made this for our country.....
Thank God.
Using this app after earthquake hit my beloved nation ,Nepal.
It is 10 min late.
Just an update not a alert.
Didnot gives the latest updates.
fix it.
A must have app.
Why can't I see less then 4.5 in my area of the Caribbean????.
Not working in India noida.
Clean, simple, and easy to use..
Very goog app helped me in nepal a lot hatsoff to developers.
Spoon.
What good the name is if the stats show hours after the shock?.
I advise anyone to get the push notifications add on also.....
I M IN SILIGURI, WHEN EARTHQUAKE IS COMING........
Mast application.
Clean and with a lot of info.
excellent integration with google map along with faultline imagery!.
Earthquake.
Thank you for this app.
Please input  local  language on the map ..
Not much to say...its does it job greatly.
Nice Apps Intelgent Server For Update. ...
Its exactly the way I thought it would be.
But sometimes it doesnot show data.
Advanced info and news provide added interest and education.
Really working with many good features.
Muy bueno y muy informativo.
It helped me very much.
Thankyou so much very helpful app.
Good! a good app makes me alert..
please fix the zooming option, otherwise...it's good..
Easy to configure as I want it..
Excellent way to stay informed..
It's a perfect apps.
Let's play.
Great app I use it everyday.
this app is great compared to similar other apps.
Thank you Josh clemm.
Very useful nice job.
Recomend for earthquake zone, its helpfull dude....
This is good app. ....Plz download this..
Gd one atleast we can see the range of earthquake........
thank u soo much :).
Fast & accurate.. provide usgs data...
By far the best earthquake app..
Cool app. Updates daily.
It work properly..
Very well designed..
Loved it so much helpful.
Nyc apps.
Good but not instant updates.
For all world.
Nce app........
Great apps for Nepal.
Not showing all earthquakes in nepal...
Thanks for Information.
Like it.
amegin apa.
ok.
.
Chandon patel.
Wow.
Helpinghands.
Zia.
Alert alert.
Right.
yes.
Guu jastoo.
Its ok.
Ryuf.
its a gut.
Slow updateS.
Have  experienced...Rely like it 100%.
This app is really so cool.....and helpful......
good work!.
Very informative.
absence of sound for notification.
Nice app.
Super.
Its pretty good.
Could be very good one.
So helpful.
Nice one.
It's really a good apps.....
Really Dependable!.
Nice apps. Easy to use..
Thanks for this app..
Nice and simple.
Very nice app..
Necessarily excellent.....
I love it....
Its so good nd useful.....
Great app!.
Great app!.
Awesome.
Great app.
good app.
Its useful.
Good from study and knowledge.
very Usefull apps.
Loved it all time.
5 stars.
Veryy useful to us.
Good job.
(y).
Very good application.
#pray_for_nepal.
Useful application..
Elias.
Nepal.
Dheeraj.
Erquack.
earthquake.
Sweetypatel.
Chowdhufy.
Works great..
Goods.
Gut.
It's Good.
i love it!!!.
Great app.
S6.
Great app.
Not bad.
Valuable App.
Earth.
Very useful.
nice.
So helpfull.
Good aap.
Good.
Nice application.
Really helpful.
Good app.
Good app.
Great app.
Nice app.
Awesome app.
Very informative.
nice.
Good one.
Thanks.
Nice app.
To good.
Best.
Amazon.
Great apps.
Good.
Love it.
Try to understand this.
Good application.
Amazing.
its good app........
That's gr8......
good..
Liked.
Good.
Good.
awesome.
Wonderful.
nice.
Nice.
love it.
Great.
Great.
Good.
Beautiful.
good.
Good.
Nice.
Good,,,,,,.
Not sure whats happened in the last update but the app has change so much its not useful. Zoom is now rubbish,  along with the scale of the earthquakes is not recognisable..
Though good,  the earlier version seemed a little slow and glitchy in the map display. This update cured those issues. When you live 10 miles from the San Andreas fault,  I check this app like most people check the weather.     HTC M8.
I like the look of the new map, especially the fault lines BUT the map doesn't seem to update with the list of earthquakes. The old version didn't have this issue..
I really think adding more sources would be great. Tremors in Central America are rarely registered by USGS so it kind of sucks for us who live there..
Today had an earthquake 4.0 near Phuket, Thailand. And the app don't said nothing..
I picked up a PopupuiReceiver that immediately restarts itself no matter how many times I force it to stop running. Uninstalled no matter how interesting or highly rated. Bummer..
New version won't show the world in a single view and the quake circles are now too big in the wide view.  Otherwise it is still valuable..
I use this APP several X/day+find it useful  & flawless. I live within the Pacific Rim & it's nice to keep tabs on tectonic plates us wee-Humans reside on.......
I've been following the EE feeds for years now - used to have a screen saver that did this but it died with Vista - and this looks great. Will look for an UK/ Europe equivalent, but love the idea..
Still waiting for this app to report an earthquake that occurred two hours ago. Not what I'm looking for..
I just reinstalled, now the "Latest" tab won't update. Map keeps zooming in on the same spot and it's extremely annoying..
If your a vulcanologist,  a geologist or seismologist you will love this app..
I have the settings set correctly to receive notifications of earthquakes but have never received a notification. Removing app..
Will not load, used to love this app. Got a new phone and will not load on Galaxy s5.
Its so accurate that if you shake your phone hard enough your location shows up on the map!.
It works like a charm, stays up to date very nicely and also has maps in case you're curious where anything happens..
I would love to see more personalized options for the free version. Setting a home location, viewing historical facts pertaining to it's geology, etc...
Why are several U.S. fault lines missing from the map?.
Yuck.
Lots of bug fixes and the app works great now! Still my go to source for earthquake news and information..
ITS BETTER THAN OTHER APPS GIVES NEWS LOVE IT..
Near last to report an EQ. I get notified faster on drudgereport.
Useful app especially if you live in a seismic area!!.
Thank you.  Wonderful tool for those with family around the globe.
It was perfect and also comments look ok.
This is the best earthquake app out there..
Nice app Very easy to use.
Fascinating information!.
:-).
Great app.
Cool app.
Cool.
If you want this app to work you will need to update it daily as it's so buggy and hopeless it only works for a short time and then f@#&s up.  After an update it will be fine for the first couple of uses but after that it's no good.  Map won't show anything and,   well...  Crap.  Maybe it is being developed on a speak and spell? Or a casio calculator?.
An update means an improvement of some sort to previously. Now it just stops so you're made to close. Fix or you're uninstalled..
No longer works on Note 3 :-(  Force closes every time.
Force closes every time I try to open it. Please fix..
Force closes after update.
The new update is really great. The UI now looks nice. Great job. .
Has almost everything, well done... I live on the coast and would love to get alerts for tsunamis due to quakes..
Excellent 85% of the time. Other times too slow to post latest quakes..
It makes me tremble.
Don't care for the new map..
Like using this app, very simple and straight forward..
This app is good, it has everything.
Very informative...
Great.
This app is awesome. Latest fix has fixed crashing issue in previous update. Highly recommended..
Samsung Galaxy 2.
Map problems.
Good job on it.
App used to work. Now loads then stops. Uninstalled then re installed. Doesn't work! Waste of time!.
This app has great information, is easy to use and you filter by magnitude and date..
I just downloaded the app and it will not open. It just keeps force shutting down. I am uninstalling it..
Doesn't work. Last night we had a 5.7 earthquake on the Richter scale but the alert didn't came up. I was about 25km away from the epicenter. I lost all network connections as soon as it started. Maybe it works if you're not that close, but right now I have no use for it..
While running this app, one can choose to see the related news articles. The user is presented with a lis of articles. Bold title, short abstract. If the user clicks on an article, the link fires up the default Internet browser. Firefox in my case. The url begins to load but crashes between 2/3 to 3/4 of the loading. BOOOOO..
Why won't this cr@p app not uninstall and why does it need to know the number of the person I'm calling? Didn't ask for it don't want it, bugger off. 0/5 more like it..
A free, simple to read, easy to use, & accurate earthquake app. Despite offering a broad array of options in what information gets tracked & reported for each user, customization is a cake walk. And, as if this dream sundae needs a cherry on top, all of this is made available without having to surrender your first born in permissions. Atta boy, Josh. I fully intend to get the paid upgrade this week not because those enhancements are important to me but rather to vote with my wallet. God Bless..
WHY DO YOU HAVE ALL EQs DATES, DATED TO NOVEMBER 11 2014??  ARE THESE FOR A FUTURE EQ? HOW CAN I GET AN EQ APP THAT WILL BE THE RIGHT DATE, LIKE TODAY IS NOV, 4, 2014. SO.MAYBE YOUR POSTING FUTURE EQs TO HAPPEN SOON. SO I WILL BE LOOKING FOR AN EQ APP, THAT IS UP TO DATE.. I REALY LIKE THIS APP ALOT. BUT WHEN I LOOKED TODAY, ITS ALL DATED 11.2.2014. AND I WUD LIKE AN UP TO DATE EQ APP. THANKS ALOT. BUT HOPE YOU FIX THIS... WONDER HOW MANY PPL DROP THIS APP BECAUSE OF THIS OR OTHER ISSUES WITH IT. THX.
I have had no problems with the app since download. Used it on multiple phones. Those complaining about time notifications should read designer's notes. App won't work that way. For that matter the USGS doesn't work that way there is always a delay..
When the Napa quake hit, this app was the first thing I checked for info. Great filter options fore size, distance and date. Would download again A+++.
Ive tried but I just cant get accurate info after the alert goes off. I get generic info like the one just now in California...it says 4.6 quake in California but it doesnt say where. I have checked and rechecked settings but can never isolate the location..
Thank you for an excellent interface easy to use very good app I live in an earthquake zone in the Southern California desert and I like to check daily where the latest earthquakes were in my area. This app provides everything you need including Maps locations very good. Thank u.
I love this app and check it daily. My only suggestion is that it would be nice to have tectonic boundaries on the base map. Thank you!.
As another user has also reported, place names and other labels on the map are now very small, and quite difficult to read. Otherwise, a very nice app..
Galaxy S5, had to pull my battery out to reboot. It completely locks up my device..
The app is well developed and fetches available EQ data from various sources. This app is easy on the eye, and easy to understand. The developer is quick to respond and is kind and humble. (Unlike many other devs out there. Take a read of some other app devs responses and you'll see what I mean.)Thank you..
This is yet another product that will overrides the disabling of notifications because the developer of this product is so stupid that he thinks I want to be notified even after I turn off notifications.   Uninstalling this product and telling everyone in my network what a stupid a**hole this developer is..
Why do you need access to my photos... You lost me there!.
Great keeps u up to the min. Info as to quakes in immediate area.
Was great , now on my list to uninstall , because of the new permissions . Not an essential app , so far as I am concerned.
Good Earthquake notification , simple yet easy to use interface. Well done.   Recommend App for people who want to keep track earthquakes all over the world..
Cdnt ask for more!! None better that I'm aware of, and I've  tried a few that were rubbish..
Awesome stuff, highly recommend with "Earth Now"  from jet propulsion....   It will let you know the what, when, where, how to protect your family & property and time to bug out if need be. !!!!!!.
Tired of updating all the new bug fixes YOU send out!! TEST it BEFORE u release it!.
Omg! An earthquake was felt at our place and i want to know the magnitude, intensity and etc..... after i downloaded this app i got a lot of information about the earthquake happened in our place!.
This app was to be in addition to another Earthquake app but I never use any other app..
Its ok.
Please tell me is this real or fake?.
Real time info. on the go with News headlines you can click into for expanded details..
We had a newsworthy earthquake in Kansas but days later it still doesn't show up on the map on this app..
Really good just had a small won downloaded it and helped a lot.
Still waiting for your app to tell me of earthquake HRMPH.
I like to keep myself updated about earthquake in the world, as i came from a country that earthquake can be tsunami threath.
Why this app needs access of my media?.
This is a great app. Amazing how this world is always shaking!!.
No need to read my location. I know where I am, I m not drunk!!!.
This is one of the best app for Worldwide Wide Earthquake monitoring. Thanks!.
Should include Mercalli scale.
Seems to be working again, thanks for the fix, upping my rating, great app..
Does what's supposed to very well, good graphics.
Use every morning..
Good App but need some upgrade.
This app is useful for earthquakes.
Very good... Recommended.
It's straight to the point. I like that..
Great app..
Nice apps.
Very good app!.
Nice app.
Works perfect!.
Love this app!!.
Great app!!!.
Good, I like....
Really good.
Good tool.
Great app.
Great app.
amazing.
Earthquake Alert Review + Pro (have had it for four years)!  Penny.
This is a GREAT app. We had a 6.1 earthquake in my town and I relied on this almost hourly. My only wish was that "near me" was either a set number such as 50miles or something I can change. I don't need to know about quakes that are 300 miles away from me. Please change. Other than this, AWESOME app!.
As a California native I enjoy this app and its accuracy. The updates & fixes have been good as everything evloves. The app keeps moving forward just like the ground keeps a movin' too..
Works great on galaxy s3. This is the best organized app of this type that I have found so far. It is extremely informative and somewhat addictive. Would love to also see map indicators for tsunamis..
This app and the USGS app are both helping me track the aftershocks here in CA. As soon as I feel one, i check the app and it tells me where it hit and all the other info. Better than I thought!.
What is the purpuse of an app that can't do it job...i know..its free..but..????... example...Last night a 4.9.tremor just off the Puerto Ricos coast...and the app can't show it..filters are properly done and still..does not show..Will delete it ..its not working any more like it use to..
Not bad!  If they can get this app closer to quake feed app on iPhone I would give a 5 star rating.  Adding fault lines would be nice..
!!!!Earthquake!!! I just felt it and I just downloaded this APP 20 MINUTE AGO OH YEAH I STAY IN SACRAMENTO AND IT HAPPEN 6 MILES AWAY IN AMERICA CANYON CALIFORNIA look it up this app is !! GREAT.
Very well thought out app! Very impressed! Works better than a website but goes there too if you want! A++.
Feature request: only thing missing is a notification when an Earthquake happens..
Awaken again by another earthquake. Downloaded the app right away for a measurement. Just had to set my location. 3.9 it said..
Don't see how to set my location in the app, not under Settings.  Useless to me without that.  .
It gives me information to keep good track of the earthquakes coming,  but the map sucks..
no earthquake data, i no longer can see the map that pinpoints the earthquake, at least I  still receive the notifications, a visual aid would be nice again..
I use this app often. Recently the map stopped showing the earthquake markers..
Moto X on 4.4.4 stock. Can't even open the app..
Opened it three times, crashed three times..
Helps alot in Puerto Rico..
Uno de los ms completos.
Doesn't update. Where do u get the new update..
Tried then all. In my opinion this one is the best, bar none..
Like that it is somewhat programmable with filter. Had it now on 3 phones..
Pls keep us posted ok felt an earthquake in San Francisco:O:O:O:O:O:O.
Asus Nexus 7.
No maps now just blue screen..
App works great..
WOW, thank you so much ;).
Earthquake Alert.
Aaa.
Detailed, accurate, helpful.
Love this App!!.
.
Nice i like it..
Very good ty.
Cool.
USRFUL.
Great app.
Brilliant.
Great.
Also installed the Pro add-on. Weird, getting push alerts that are w/in distance but not showing in Recent tab of app. Ex, alert of 3.1 in CA on 4/8 but list only shows up to 4/7 in Mexico. Seems JSON feed is not working well. Switched to CSV, now fine. Please advise..
This app is the best app to keep up to date on quakes. It offers the magnitude, a map, news and other options. I can't believe it. I've tried several other apps & finally settled on one. I just bought a Nexus 7 tablet and went to download my app & yours caught my eye. I decided to try one more app. & I'm so glad that I did. You deserve 10 stars but they only let me give you 5. Please leave it alone!! Don't fix what isn't broken. It's perfect as is. As soon as I hit send I'll uninstall my old app..
It needs to have fault lines added to the map. Recent California quakes are traveling and I'd like to see if they're following the Puente Hills fault or not. The map should also have a key and be color coded for intensity or magnitude. The color coding now is a little off. The 4 and under quakes are green and the five was red. Other than that it's much easier to read than other maps I've seen. I would like better filters and more setting options to make it five stars..
This app has everything I was looking for in an earthquake app. It was the list and maps of worldwide earthquakes, but it also has filters so you can configure it to only see specific earthquakes. The only down side is that alert notifications require a different app to download. It'd be great if it was all in one app. Other than than, this is a great app and it works perfectly..
3 years ago this app had more features. They stripped those features away & put them in the paid version. I don't mind paying for an app. But we were already getting those features for free. So it feels like they're taking us for a ride..
Perhaps you could add fault lines to the map so we could track these quakes relative to these faults.?  Stay safe everyone, earth is at a boiling point...
So this morning I received a emergency txt earthquake warning of a magnitude 2.7 in a town only 3 miles from my  house and when I look to see if it was reported on the app to my surprise it was not so that's telling me that the app is a fake don't trust it at all..
I installed this app on my G-Tab3 running KK. Shortly after I noticed significant slow downs and even random reboots after device operated for a while. When I uninstalled the app from my device it went back to normal operation. Please fix and I will be more than happy to give a better rating..
in Romania were almost daily earthquakes above 4 degrees last 3 weeks but updated map show none...	i can not trust anymore this app because of relevant missings as above..
I will not go into the what ifs & what fors but I will tell you that I use this app to prove my point about earthquakes to people! It really does let me know when even a tremor happens! It works! Tk you!.
I love this app as I am interested in seismic activity, and love it's rapid updates and ability to pan out of the maps showing where each quake was. I don't have children, but if I did, this would definitely be on their phones. Thanks for a great app..
It worked great, until they updated it, not it throws an java error. I liked it as I live in Oklahoma (who now is the Earthquake state.... Oh frack). Anyway, it's broken and they seem to have abounded it. not worth downloading anymore as you'll just uninstall it..
Have had a few earthquakes here in Cali this app does not notify me on my galaxy note 2. There is no pop up, sounds or message. Filter was setup correctly as I have used this app for years on a few devices. 1 star app..
Awesome app,,, been using out for years with no problems... Fairly accurate as far I can tell... no stupid banners or ads as all apps should be.....
Look at it everyday to see active ring of fire and new Madrid fault, ark,ok,tex,and more shakes everyday somewhere. I'm in los Angeles my first quake was Whittier narrows oct-1-1987  at 7:45a.m. I just left for school.so this app is good for keeping track of the world. '!?(-%#@_?	Sammyc 1933.
If you need absolute real time use the USGS. This app works really well and there is some serious seismic activity going on as of late. I would rather be in the know with the pinpoint news and alerts that tell me that it happened rather than nothing. I will use this free version for a while then I am going to purchase the Pro version. Great work to the developer!.
Don't  llike the map as show in the Galaxy 5, I prefer the satelite map view as on Galaxy 3 show more real. Regarding as work, it ok. Just this view map not work for me. I need a satelite view map..
Fantastic App! My daughter lives in Cali so I worry about her being in a big one.. with the "Earthquake Alerter" also installed- I should know soon after it happened..
I had seen complaints about it not listing all of the quakes, but you have to go into the settings to tweak magnitude and dates. I have checked it against other websites and it is pretty accurate..
Other users report a major lag time. I'm just curious where and how big local earthquakes are so I'm ok with waiting a few minutes for the results..
I receive USGA alerts of 7+ quakes. But this program shows none?.
Very simple straight forward app. Lists recent earthquakes. Have found the ones I've felt not too long after they happened.
I got rid of all of my other earthquake applications after discovering this well done application by Josh Clemm, because this one application has it all, with: real-time world wide reporting, variable settings, map location, links to the USGS data and quake reporting notifications, and  earthquake news.  I especially like the earthquake related news from around the world.  This application is first rate for both data and visualization..
Last week we had activity and it was 3.7 after a while refreshed app and was not showing. Review app for HTC if that might be issue..
Thank you so much for sharing us your wealth of technology...you are such geniuses...and for the record....it's free. God bless you abundantly and your family lineage forever and ever. -Bohol, Philippines.
No longer gives alerts,  must install add - in that needs access to your Google account.  Why?  Uninstalling this junk/spyware..
One should never download this app. It is very slow and details of the quake come hours after the shock is felt. I hate it as it is of just no use..
As this app is focused in USA, it shows quakes of other countries very late....
The earthquakes don't register quickly anymore, they used to but now, we're experiencing lots of activity and even fifteen minutes after the 3.0+ earthquake this app still had not reported it, multiple quakes and same thing, I had to Google and go on Facebook to check it out! So I'm uninstalling it, I figured why would I need the app then.
Excellent. Galaxy s5. But I can't see alerts. I think it needs earthquake alert but why must have 2 applications for having alerts?.
This app has been around since I can remember, and I've used it on several devices! It works better than the rest, even if there is a 15 min lag time between the quake, and notification!! Usefull app!!.
The worst is you cannot set a location... I live in Europe which is almost quake free... my family in California... I have to set a distance of 6000 miles and being alerted of every single quake in Japan or Alaska to know there was one in California? Moreover if I were in California I already knew....
To Cool. I have seen some real positive updates. Please keep up with the hard work.  Chris.
Works well no problems yet.I've been using it for two years now and still never had problems.great app by far.
Works great. Nice to be informed on the earth quakes within an hour or less and have the data right at your finger tips in this very nicely laidout app. Thank you for the great work towards a wonderful app..
I really like this app... cause of many links most particularly to the news regarding the quake.... more power dev. God bless! A most have app in your phone....
Getting "java.Lang.formatexception" error.  First time its happened is today (June 26)..
Nice layout and easy to use.  It displays well on my HTC M8.  The filter works great and the alerts come in faster than on my desktop computer..
No ads and it tells you where and when the quakes happen including distance and depth. You can change settings also. It covers the Earth so you know everything..
As far as i can tell its fine. Its fast, custom settings are good, and interesting if you care about these things..
this app is great, i use this since yesterday bec. of a 7.2 magnitude earthquake in Bohol, Philippines Oct. 15, 2013..
I was near the quake area and viewed this apps, no alerts or report when it had happened. wait till 30mins or later only it shows. so this is NOT alert map but its a late reports..
Good graphics but not too updated  ... We had an earthquake but there's no update in here we want to know the magnitude & depth ): please help us..
Seems goofy that Earthquake Alert does not alert and you must download a companion app to do this. The free version of the companion app Earthquake Alerter is slow to alert. By slow i mean up to a couple of hours delay.....
Everyone needs this app. Especially if you are living in California! This makes it so easy to tell your SO that no, that wasn't an earthquake and actually be right for once! Quick and up to date. Most awesome. Thanks!.
Had several earthquakes near me felt them obviously this app didn't pick anything up... Downloaded another earthquake app and there they were... (Uninstalled)!.
I dont know. I hope there is push notifs on this app where I can set it to send me a notification whenever an earthquake at my set magnitude would occur..
I shouldn't have to download an app to watch the destruction the frackers are doing too our once peaceful rural home. But, this is a fantastic app..
It doesnt have other nonsense crap. Very straight to the point..
Used to be the best. Stopped working. Can longer  set filter based on radius. Please fix..
The way of representingu. information is good but the updating latest quakes is very slow .we cannot get the information immedietly that is rubbish.so i only rate it 2..
Sometimes it doesnt work not updated in my region we have an aftrshock this morning at around 5oclock a.m. but not in your list..i want to know what magnitude it is so please kept it perfect your almost there tnx guys...
I was in Key West and felt an earthquake from north Cuba (Jan. 9, 2014) and this app never mentioned it at all.
You could overlay the major fault lines at the push of a button. Other than that, love this app..
THANK YOU FOR THIS APP. I CAN WATCH WHERE MY FAMILY THAT IS IN A ZONE FULL OF THEM AND CAN SEE THE WATERS, TY. PEACE,.
I love this app tried the other ones but this one is more user friendly. you won't be disappointed. I like the fact that you can apply filters to only show say a 2.0 or a 5.0 Ect..
To much lagtime..please fix it.. The earthquake was happen 30mnt ago but why the alert was buzzing after 30mnt? Fix it..
I live in Oklahoma where there's frequent activity...i love this app! you can easily filter it to show customized alerts, maps, details, links to submit if you felt it... Great accurate app!.
Another app was already showing the latest earthquake... not too accurate as well..
Works well but kind of needs an updated UI. Plus the news feed needs a redesign too.
I dont get any alerts  i have to open app  to find out any news   but  thanks.
One of the best applications period. I live in LA. Important to have in a non-fracking state. We shake by nature..
It actually keeps you updated with all the earthquakes around the world and around the area you live in..
I just felt it and downloaded the first app I could find. To my amazement, it already had the earthquake I felt in its recent ones. Very amazing! :).
I live in California and we've been having earthquakes this really helps it's a perfect app I totally recommend it! Lg android......a week later still works perfect...100% recommend this app! !!!!!! =-O.
Felt so many aftershocks but does not show any here.
one of the best and useful apps. if you live close to ring of fire, this would come very handy..
This is a great app to be free.  I have only had it for about 6hrs now and I LOVE it.  Gets updates just as quick as the USGS site does..
We had an earthquake yesterday and it showed up on my phone..
Excellent app especially if you are interested in geology or science or if you are on holiday, its nice to know what that rumble was, makes it a little less scary great job guts.
In Romania wad many and thi app say nothing.
I am frm nepal. My home land is suffering from freequent earth quakes hope this app will come in handy.
Either don't update or more than 20 mins later...
IVE NEVR USD AN APP LYK THIS BUT IT WAS E Z 2 FIGR OUT ITS RSPNCE WAS QUICK N I WAS ABLE 2 GET A SATLTE VIEW OF THE AREA THAT WAS STRUK.
I've used this awesome app for about a year now. Keeps me well informed. I like it alot!.
This app provides a multitude of settings that fit my needs for keeping an eye out for earthquakes, and it works great!!!.
We have earthquakes in  certain parts of Europe and this app says nothing!!!!.
This apps give me concise information on disasters worldwide and makes my response assignment somewhat easier.
Now that my area is getting earthquakes I would really like to be able to report the quakes I experience with the same app I use to look at see them on..
No warning feature unless you install add on which is not free... Too much to mess with..
Great app! Delivers seismic data which can be filtered to your particular needs. A big thank you to Mr. Clemm and the USGS..
I live in Oklahoma and was born in California, I used to be afraid of tornados but now its earthquakes !.
does what you need it to do!  good response time usually within minute's after event's occur.  very easy to use....
No fus no hassle.  Does what it says. Nice work developers..
     .         .                   .           . .
Very useful, I live 30 mins away from LA.
Does not work at all. Joke.
Added fault lines. Awesome!.
Let me & my all surroundings be alerted 1st b4 actual earthquake & then I'll rate ur this app 5star.
You never have any updates for Perry Oklahoma.   We feel them, but you stopped reporting them..
Excellent app for earthquakes. Tells u fast when an earthquake happens and gives u details.	Great to keep u informed and prepared for an emergency!.
Absolutely worth it. Informative..
Registro el temblor en la aplicacion 18 minutos luego de que ocurrio el temblor..
You will get an alert that says California 3.1. But when you go to the map.... Nothing... When you look at the "latest news".... Nothing.  Not worth it.. Even the free one.
It sure works... I love the way it vibrates according to the strength of the quake.... anything over 8 moves it on the table... so funny!!.
Timely updates can't wait to see the fault-lines. A must have for cali residents..
I cant beleive how I Can know where earthquakes are happening.
Very useful apps its awesome..download it now..its working nice apps...
I have purchased and downloaded many many earthquake apps for both the Android and iPhone by far this is the best earthquake app out there.  Look no further!.
A little creepy seeing how many earthquakes there are all over the world but the app is great!.
Totally dissapointed :( Uninstalling right away.
Great app keep up the good work very scary god bless all.
Works every time on Samsung s2 blaze, user interface is easy to understand and set to my desired standard..
I dont get alerts like i used to.. :( used to be great.
I refer to it everyday to see who is shaking and where..sometimes more than once per day if I feel a ! :-).
My 3rd earthquake alert app and the best so far. Pro version worth the $. Josh is on top of keeping it updated..
great find - updates are in minutes.  The graphics and information is clear, easy to navigate.  The design if also appealing..
A NECESSARY TOOL TO PREPARE CITIZENS OF DANGEROUS PRE EARTHQUAKE READS..
Installed this programs alert app. Now when I run this app I get Google play store. Fix it.
Acaba de ocurrir un temblor de donde yo soy y pude saber con rapidez ..
We are feeling them a lot more in OK, pretty cool to see worldwide alerts too..
Use to work good. Now all I get is "no earthquake data". Update I reinstalled now it works.
Frequent Earthquakes are new to central Oklahoma and this app is useful for finding the epicenter, magnitude and the depth..
Didnt warned me before earthquake, but made me sure when I checked On Earthquake Alert! App... Nice job.
This is a good and easy earth quake app to use. This has been a good app for long time now..
Not as timely information as previous versions.
News section is USA limited and biased.
The report is Not up to date.
Thanks this is one of the greatest app I've seen works great and keeps amateurs like me informed..
Very informative and accurate..
I JUST DOWNLOADED AND BAM WE HAD AN EARTHQUAKE GREAT APP VERY ACCURATE.
Provides fast and accurate earthquake information for planet Earth.  Works great on my Samsung S4 Galaxy..
Awesome, a must have, you can choose viewing from a week ago or the last hour, updated constantly..
Fascinating and educational app! I check it every day..
sometimes it feels like the ground is moving just a little bit I downloaded this to tell if I'm crazy.
Great job looking forward to one for wildfires, and other natural disasters.
Terrific interface. Easy to use. Easy to configure. Great right out of the box..
Really would like to see the advanced earthquake warning system incorporated into this app..
Good. Just had a 6.0 & my app told me immediately before the news did..
It is good lightweight application but it is better if you create a 3d model of earth.
Why do they need to charge me for an alarm when an earthquake happens.
Love this app best app. there is and map is excellent zoom in you can find a lot of neat stuff.
Very useful information.
Such a helpful app.Good work earthquake alert app creater team.I am so happy with your app..
Works great, but there is no sound notification. I love this app..
I love this one wks get on all my tables!! I never had a problem with this...
There's no way to turn the alert sound off!!!!! I'm having to delete the app to get it to stop..
La aplicacin hace lo que promete.
You know they say after an earthquake, more will follow, thanks a lot for this creation.
Awesome great for me to use cuase lots of aftershocks and earthquake.
very well needed if you like to see where the ground shakes where you live.
Awesome app.  I'm going to buy full app when I can afford it..
I've been using this app for months. Its very cool. Ty!.
Can fault lines be added to show proximity to the event?.
Good app but don't know how to tern off constant ring when Thair is a quake tho.
Used on old Samsung s2, works great and very customizable!.
Esse vale apena.Depois do terremoto de 11/3.
Really rate this app, it is excellent for keeping tabs on what's going on in the world..
Enlarge fonts please!.
Excellent for a country with a  lot of volcanic activity.
But no widget.  Please enable to read old data and map offline.  Thanks!.
This app is one the best app,let you know went a earthquake happent almost 
instantly.
Cuando la pruebe le doy 5.
Great details and the map locator is very helpful. Thanks for keeping tthis app free..
Let's me know when PR shakes.
We want push notification as a additional features in this app...
THISS APP SUCKS.
Very informative app. Works great..
The app is not showing earthquakes in my area no more..
Good,  but instant /realtime report will give the apps a 5 star..
Update on every second of earthquake.
This is a must have for Californians. Great app, reliable data.
thx for update, great work.
Just what I needed a few days ago after experiencing 1firsthand..
I can't add a location.
I use this frequently. Up to the minute, not much lagtime..
Awesome to get information on earthquakes across the world..
Very very useful app. Thanks..
Can't connect, uninstalling.
Excellent info with news and Data, and fast alert times..
Updated info with map location..
Get information when you need it.
Not in real time.
YouTube / Johnalenwork53.                       Please subscribe & share Thx!.
Works great, I never have problems with this app..
As always, the BEST alerter out there! Thank you Josh!.
So far this is a good app to for earthquake it keeps you informed.
Jennifer strange TX.
Love the layout, information and ease of use. Perfect app for purpose..
Is this Josh Klemm from CHARDON/CHESTERLAND??.
Great app - what's shaking now!.
Very informative app..
Jss!!.
Good app notifies you every earthquake very good recommend.
Easy to use and understand. Appreciate what youve created..
I guarantee !!!!.
Doesn't show anything.
It will be great if the map shows plate boundary.
Excellent tool for the general public and the seismic enthusiasts..
Probably the best earthquake app out there..
A great app to be up to date of the activity around the world..
This is evolving into a really nice app..
It is the best thing! Shivan.
Ok.
App is very informative and give precise info..
I live in southern California and this app is very useful..
Helped a lot!.
(Nexus 7 2nd Gen).
What I looking for I get it... Well done.
Live the usefullness of this app specially living in California.
Khan.
Hojj.
Keeps me up to date. Easy to use and change settings..
This keeps you well informed. .
Fast and exactly information all over the world..
I like this apps.
Good app for a intelligent planning for today's world..
Uninstalling...6.9 quake in Ca yet app reads no quakes.
Lookgood.
This is absolutely good and helpful app install it..
My favorite earthquake alert app..
where is update?.
Nice to getting latest news updates worldwide....
Useful app. A very useful one.
Awesome!  It is easy to understand and read..
Great app very helpul.
Its awesome and takes very little space.
For all your earthquake updates.
Good App to keep you informed.
I enjoy it very very much..
One of the best apps I have.
Love this app, does what it says!.
Very useful app. :).
Makes each day more interesting!.
easy to install and very accurate.
Nice & function. Good info & news updated..
Work great. Lots of info and news..
Simple & up to date.
To be informed and  updated..
Works very well, no issues.
Very reliable and up to date info.
Thats very update.
Its really useful well done.
actually tells you.
Great! Updated real time.
Werks good!.
Sangat.
I like it! :).
Good informative..
Super Bueno.
Gh.
Lots of good information!.
Does the job.
Works great..
Very accurate.
Great info in real time.
Very good app.
Vikash kumardass.
accurate alert!.
Big help.
Like the options too.
Very dependable reporting..
UI can be improved.
Easy to use.
Love it!.
Please explain The abbr of some.
Up to date...linked with usgs.
Its feeds data..
Helpful app.
Good,exelent apps.
Great app!.
Excellent app!.
Excelent.
Best all around.
LOVE this app!!.
Like it.
Timely information.
I love it.
GREAT APPLICATION.
ok.
Very useful app.
Great app.
Very much useful.
Helpfull app.
Its great to be perpard.
Cool app.
RaiderNation.
Nice and easy.
Very good.
Great app.
Love this apps....
great app!!!.
Amazing love it ..
Ok.
Hamed.
Goog.
Ok.
Excellent application..
Great app..
Nice app.
good!!.
Awesome!.
Excellent!.
SUPERB.
cool.
Excellent program.
Its great.
Great app.
Nice.
Fine.
Great app.
Love it.
Very nice.
Super accurate.
The best.
Greatest.
Love it.
Nice app.
Gud.
Good one.
Nice.
Great.
good app.
Good alerts.
very good.
Excellent!!!!.
Execellent!!!!.
Love it..
Nice..
Awesome...
best ........
Good.
Excellent.
love.
Nice.
excellent.
Excellent.
Nicee.
Great.
good.
Nice.
Great.
Excellent.
Good.
I am most impressed with this App. It cannot be faulted (pun not intended). I really appreciate the Map providing an instant and 100% accurate world view of current quakes. The links to news feeds ensure that facts are never lost. The list of locations where quakes occur is always  fascinating. I wish all apps were this good!.
Really well designed and executed app.  One-stop shopping for up-to-the-minute earthquake info including data,  maps and news.  Filters let you customize how much data you see.  So quick & easy I find myself checking it multiple times per week..
Earthquake kept freezing my phone. This one seems better and more informative. Will come back in a week and rate higher if it goes well..
Only problem now is the USGS is not reporting actual magnitudes. The largest they've reported is 6+ magnitudes. I've seen 7.5-8.0 on seismograms on 8/7/2013.
Earthquake stopped work so I tried a few and then this app.  Wow even better than earthquake.  Earthquake Alert is a much better app.  More detail and the news section is great too..
This app is awesome. News of earthquakes around the world and details are uploaded just as TV/Radio have announced..
I've jumped around from earthquake app to earthquake app and this one is THE BEST! Thanks Josh, great work!.
When an alert is received, 1) you tap on the notification, 2) Select the latest alert from a list which you already tapped on earlier in the notification, 3) select to view its location or otherwise. Would really love it if I can get to the map directly on tapping the notification. Thanks!.
Today there were two minor quakes..neither one were picked up by this app..Guess they weren't important enough ...
I search alternative to Earthquake! which become unstable and I found more than good replacement..
Thanks for staying on top of errors and feedback!.
Still persist in using USGC data when most countries are reporting more accurate information and in kilometers (as is most of the world)..
Seem's ok. One thing I noticed is theres no notification and sound...
Some time app don't show anything but the alert say the are new earthqueks.
Thank you for updating and providing a quick fix. I love this app ;-).
I just wish I could get notified on my phone without paying for the upgrade.
I gotta get the lastest info on earthquakes around the world..
Easy to use, informative..
,  ""...        ..
Unreliable.
I read the news on here every day..
Love this app! Great for wannabe science geeks like me!.
Great maps! Shows just what I want to see..
it was nice earlier :-\.
Honest App..
Could have more options.
Very helpful and must have app where ever you go it will alert you.
I'm testing three out, so far this one is best.
This app is very helpful 6stars if I could.
I receive notices on this app and on the TV news is exactly what it was on the app..
Would like to see the lines of the plates on the map..
Seems to work very well..
A really nice app..
Works for me!.
Nice app!.
Great apps..
Eh.
Great!!!!.
Cool.
It is good.
Very good app.
Great apps..
great. app..
Very good.
Great app.
Very helpful.
Good App.
Good apps....
Good.
So far I've only had a couple of problems. One is that when you request information on a quake you cannot exit the popup window and have to exit the app. The other is that the "near me" selection will show nothing until I switch to 1000 miles and back. Otherwise it seems to be a great app!.
I love the app. Fantastic layout. Very easy to navigate and extremely informative. Love the maps. The only issue is the map portion freezes after a minute of use. Have to close and reopen. Can't use maps. T-Mobile gs4..
Does exactly what it says with no issues or glitches. also has a good equality feel to it,  Unlike a lot of other cheap apps on app store!.
Great app. Living in socal, it's always cool to have confirmation if that little rumble I just felt was a little quake..
Worked good before that.  Worked again after i rebooted my phone.  5 Stars.
Has helped quell anxiety since moving home.
App. was great at first, then after about 5 days NO DATA AT ALL. 3 days still no data. Have uninstalled app..
Very accurate and precise. Love the settings options for Richter ratings and distances from my location, not to mention depth readings..
It keeps saying exception not often.
It would be great to be able to share the map!.
Picked up the earthquake we just had quicker than local news..
Works great for me! No problems at all since install about 2 weeks ago..
Use it every day to see what's shakin' around world..
Working fine in my samsung note. Must have application.
Does exactly what it says on the tin and does it well.
It would be. Niice to download data.
THIS IS AN OUTSTANDING APP._ _.
Very good.
One of the best I have..
Great app, does what it says, & what I was liking for.
One of the most useful apps.
Gud.
good advantage.
Good app..
Very good!.
Very nice app.
Great app.
Good.
Excellent.
Good.
Not bad but it seems to alert you for quakes way beyond the parameters you set. I dislike the 3am alerts about a 4.0 quake 4370kms away....
Would have given 5 Stars but does not report as fast as other apps I have..
Useful app for those of us along the New Madrid fault.
Good app, seems to work well on my phone. Only wish I could change the time to my current time zone..
Really neat to see all the quakes happening around the world..
I love this application, it told me what happened in New York during an earthquake!.
You can not get a better App.
Thank you, this is the best earthquake alert in the market..
this app is very accurate,  5 stars all the way :).
Deliver important information..
Easy to use and control..
Very nice.
Love the Info.
Like.
Samsung Galaxy 10.1 Tab  4.1.1 Jelly Bean  I downloaded this before then reset my tab.  I want as much info as I can get about earthquakes and this app gives me that.  I love the small amount of permissions required for this app, too!  The dev does things right with this app!  Works flawlessly and fast also allowing great options for alerts and other preferences.  I'm buying the pro version ASAP.  Thank you Dev, this is how all apps should run!.
I'm a retired Emergency Operations Manager and this is by far the best earthquake application available to the general public to acquire earthquake related news and summaries. While we should pray for those living in major fault areas, I hope they heed God's Warnings and evacuate those areas in time..
I m impressed with the alert notification I'm getting from my phablet from geographically potential threat. I can also view the world map from where earthquake takes place in different regions. This app also give me all the details of different earthquake starting from the tremor magnitude from reuter scale to the epicentre region from where it started & mainly it alert me the timings of it. Awesome app. Thanx to the developer.
Has the same base features of EARTHQUAKE! App which shows you the latest earthquakes only that this has more. The one a use a lot is the ability to share an event over social networking sites. I recommend this app especially to those within the earthquake prone areas..
I enjoy keeping track of them and am seeing trends.  Look at it several times per day.  Alaska & other remote areas, like islands need more names of cities and towns to get a better idea of location.  Do not like the way the zoom in & out works.  Needs some work..
You receive an amazing amount of information with this app. There were a couple of things I didn't understand about the notification system so I emailed Josh, the developer. He got back to me right away - very impressive.  EA will help me not worry so much when I hear about quakes on the news, because I'll have in hand everything I need to know..
I live in Los Angeles which has fairly regular small quakes. Usually within a minute or two of feeling a quake here I get the appropriate alert. This app lines up perfectly with the corresponding USGS alert emails I get, usually the app is quicker. For those where it is "not working" remember there must be a decent data feed for your area, and that depth and distance to the  quake affect whether you feel smaller quakes or not..
I had the alerter to go with this app. Just had an earthquake though and it still hasn't warned me.  What's the point if it doesn't warn you til hours later if at all?  Uninstalling seeing as its a waste of space..
This turns out to be a great resource.  I frequently have gone to the USGS to check out a relief map of the ocean to see topography of where some of these quakes are occuring.  Your next step in this app is to include the "relief map" view.  Keep up the cool work..
This app is very useful.   I feel the earthquakes more than my friends.  They always say it wasn't a quake and it must be in my head.  But now I just go to your app and 99% of the time it shows that I did in fact feel a quake.   Thank you for your hard work in developing this app..
Is was a very good app at one Time. When you could connect to server to receive The alerts the app might work!!!!!!! But there is no connection to get alerts unless the sever is down or the Dev split and forgot to take this app off the Market?.
App appears ok. But although the news referred to one nz quake in #tauranga today none of Nz quakes are displayed. There were 31 quakes 2+ occurred today..
Sorry but there are no earthquakes in Germany. "Near me" is totally 100% pointless but I do have many friends in Chile. How do I monitor terremotos near them??.
Would like to monitor most quakes within 100 or 200 miles of me; further is silly. Also would like an alert for any quake anywhere more than some magnitude..
This was a very good app. until recently! It stopped sending info! Tried deleting app and reinstalling! Still not doing the job it did before! Don't know what happened! Now it is asking for upgrade! No thanks. I'll try others for now!.
Living in California I like to know when these things happen and if we're actually having an earthquake or if I'm just imagining it. Thanks!.
I live in AK - lots of quakes. I like that I can set the level but it is,about 2 hours late notifying, at times. On average half an hour. Be nice if it were a few mins..
This is a very simple app to use. It is especially useful if you want to keep track of a particular area for earthquakes where family/friends may live. Would have given it full 5 stars if it notified faster..
I live in So Cal; it's great to keep on top of the daily quakes. Hope we don't get "the big one" anytime soon, but at least I'll get the stats on it if it hits..
I live  in  so.cal. and  have  alot  of  quake  apps ..l go  to  this  one first for  info. USGS if l feel  a  quake right  now.Yours  is  much  easier to  use than  the  others.
Sprint is limiting hotspots data transfer so this must go. Sprint is becoming the money vac and soon they and all cells will be out of my life..
This is app reports earth quake occurring in every parts of world with latest earth quake news and map showing epicenter of earth quakes. Many many thanks to Josh Clemm who developed this app. I would give my rating to 5 star..
Very good. Tells you that your family three thousand miles away are in the middle of an earthquake. So you can help, though they cannot communicate!.
Doesn't make noise.... Can open an see quakes have happened...settings are set for lowest mag. And even have it set to 3000 miles round me. (Yes I have sound notification onan sound picked..).. Still no sound happening? :(:(:(...help anyone.
Should be able to enter default location name instead of relying on gps. Seems common sense to me.  Got this to file fast Usgs quake report, but don't see option anywhere..
Like I stated before with it's companion app:  I have a Moto Droid HD and had no issues with this app - however - for some time now...    I hear nothing, no alert, no vibrations, nothing - on my mobile.   Recent quakes are not showing up and everyone knows that the earth is in a continual movement, with minor quakes occurring, so what happened with the notifications?  I am going to uninstall this for the time being, then reinstall it later and see if this issue continues...    Over all I am giving it 4 stars, until the issues are - *fixed* - I'll bump it up once again to 5 stars!.
It gives me the info I need. Like tht u can zoom n and out. Like seeing whole outlook of earthquakes around the world..
Nice work. Like it but it looks ugly on my 10" screen..
Lag time on quakes in free version is ok with me. App is clean and functions well. Data is interesting, news is a cool feature. Groovy on droidX!.
Quickfilter does not change to/allow for kilometers, thus crowding the Latest tab with displaying earthquakes outside your desired alert area. 5 stars when fixed..
excellent , it's a must for everyone ,especially if you lived through a 7 + 1 and can talk about it , we need to know keep up the good work !!!! #5. stars excellent , I use it all the time for my studies , it is a must have , #1 earthquake app.
And for Larry4o4 I think I had this app for almost one year, since it came out. He takes his severs down time to time to update them and this week was o.e of them. So plz don't rate someone 2 stars Untill you read fourms and know why server  was down.
This app may save your life.  Accurate time, location, strength immediately.  Also get the alerter app.  Woke me at the time of earthquake near home..
Josh...Great!  Tsunami probability and/or information is needed for all great earthquakes near water.  People could quickly escape and survive.  This is a vital feature that is needed..
I'm in Japan at the moment. Felt my bed shaking. I immediately went to the market and downloaded this app. The quake was already on there!.
So far, I am loving this app. You can see as many or as few earthquake activities as you'd like. It easily shows the location on a map. It connects nicely to usgs to allow reporting of "did you feel it?" Very user friendly...I definitely recommend!.
This app has served me well. I has kept me informed and has an Env. Tech knowing is half the battle..
I liked having this app for when I wanted to check if I had felt something. But it started posting notifications all the time though I changed no setting. I suspect a scam of sorts. Uninstalling right now!.
I originally had 5 stars but since the upgrade it will not see my location so i re evaluated so no its a 2. I'm considering un-installing.
Best app for keeping up to date with earthquakes, i would suggest the developers to add a globe like earthquake 3d or google earth, i thinks it'll be awsome! But still this app rocks like this! Thanks!.
I wish that it knew when I was on a call. It' super loud and hard to turn  off during a call. But, I love the app!.
I find myself checking this thing often. Sat map view is a nice touch. Provides a lot of interesting info in one place. Works great on my Atrix..
One of the most interesting apps on my phone. I never realized there were that many quakes in the world every day..
Have set the notifications for this but they don't work. Shame as it's a flaw in what could be a great app..
I am extremely impressed by this app...great earthquake info. Didn't give 5 stars b/c of the requirement to upgrade ($) when requesting earthquake notifications..
Most comprehensive app....lots of options to customize, full of up to the minute info! Never have had any glitches, works way better than any of my paid apps!.
Nice cool app. Didn't know there where so many earthquake happening daily In the world. The greatest earthquake news app. I ever used. Nice job guys. Works great..
Samsung Galaxy tab 2 10.1 Practical app everyone should have! It works without problems, is constantly updating, sends audio & visual alerts according to your perimeters..
The occasional filter bug where I am forced to refresh to get default data to show correctly. Other than that outstanding..
Love this app. Too good to be true. People think it's fake when I show them on my phone, but we verified several sources and it is very up to date. Great app..
Multiple filters would be nice - i.e. only 6+ reported worldwide, 5.0+ in the home country, 3.5+ in the local area.  Perhaps the paid version does this?  ENS from USGS does this for free and it comes on my email..
There was a 6.0 off of bandon oregon and there was a suppost to be a big mega thrust 10.0 off of brookings oregon {my town}. On google it say at least a 15% chance in the next 50 years....
Great app for earthquake alerts.  Easy interface and I like the news and map interfaces. Links to USGS as well. Well done!.
Works great! Love this app. Best part: FREE! Real time, lots of varying search filters for recent earthquakes (from last hr to 48hrs), magnitudes, etc.
2 earthquakes in Vrancea, Romania, near my location, of 4 and 3.5 on Richter, 26 & 27 May not even mentioned..
Use a sitting of 4.5 on intense scale for world wide notifications. Unless u like lots of alerts!.
Never knew there were so many earthquakes everyday. Great app. And surprisingly asks for a third of the permissions that the Red Cross app does.
App works great. Never knew how much seismic activity is goin on...amazing...ez app straight forwRd works as promised.
Even with near my location & high magnitude setting, constantly it sound the alarm making very annoying and unable to turn-off when my phone is in screen locked stage..
Got this app as wanted to see where local tremors were. Earlier today 20Feb 2.6 in Scotland is missing? Frequent tremor on UKGS website and all are missing..
Not specific enough in location. I live in Christchurch, NZ, so would like to specify it for quakes in Canterbury :).
Good app, would like an alarm feature on the free version. Work with someone to add a accelerometer seismonitor. 
Why not have tsunami built warning?.
Very informative. Especially when you live in southern California. You will know where and how far away they are from you. Also how strong they are. Great links &  info..
Wouldn't have known of a couple of earthquakes just a couple miles away if I wasn't awake. Got notified HOURS after the fact. Thought it was a settings issue, but it's an app issue... even if the other app is running alongside this one. PLEASE, look into this....
Please add the ability to read more info as a link from the map. And it would be nice to read and respond to, "did you feel it?" From the website this app gets its info from. If I feel an earthquake I want to let the authorities know..
Often leave out major earthquakes. Doesn't report European (Mediterranean) very often. This app is often delayed in its reporting by 2-4 days..
Right after I installed the app (about 2 weeks later) we had a big earthquake.  It was great to read about it within 2 or 3 minutes. Works perfect on my  Original Droid Slider.
The best earthquake app available.  I've tried a lot of them & give this one 6 stars!!.
It's interesting to see all the places that have earthquakes and to see all the movement constantly taking place..
Worked every time thus far. I'll probably feel "The Big One" before it's too late, but it's fun to track regional earthquake activity..
So useful n accurate app. Great service by making it free. I give 5 starts n appreciate author's work! Thumbs up!.
Wow this is a great app. I was born in Nicaragua and grew up in California so yeah two places were this is very helpfull. Thank you. Great job!.
Excellent app.  I've tried all the others and nothing compares.  Thanks so much from a lifetime So. Cal. earthquake rider!.
Because i just happened to check this app i Was able to call Mexico right after the 7.4 earthquake that hit today.
Downloaded it right after an earthquake and the quake had already been included on the list. Also adds news on another tab! Cool!.
It keeps saying "can't find location." Shouldn't it find my location by default? And how come I can't set my location manually?.
Doesn't show the facts. I read about confirmed quakes, go to see the array on this app. & nothing, no record, no report. WTF?.
This app is all wrong it does not show all earthquakes,nor does it show it the minute it's happening..
I travel a lot and I find this handy as most of my time away from home is spent in SE Asia in areas prone to earthquakes as well as being at the beach for the most of my time. 5*.
Excellent app and the creators suggest you do use the free notification push before buying pro. Highly recommend. Suggest to be able to limit within 100miles. And to chose multiple. Location though..
3 hours after a 5 point something earthquake, it still wasn't showing. Uninstalling!.
Canada just had a 7.7 earthquake and I did not get any alarm..
This is just a great app, very customizable and not limp by not getting the pro version. If you live in a seismic area like I do I would def recommend getting it.
This is a great app.  The map feature is great and the information is clear and concise.  If you get this app I highly recommend getting the Earthquake Alerter App as well.  Great work Josh Clemm!.
Other programs shows faster updates on earthquakes, within 1, 2 minutes.
Doesn't alert me of crap. Extra download says alerts take 1.5 hours unless you pay..
This is really working..but remind that we can't be safer when we are sinner..trust god...
I have actually never taken the time to rate an app  before but I think this 1 is so far beyond excellent that it was worth my time to do so.
Would give full 5 stars if it told you which fault line earthquake occurred on..
I am unistalling this app and I will stick to google earthquake. It is pitty that such a good app is so weak in geography! How can I find bushehr!? Bushehr is to the north west of persian gulf. There's no persian gulf so how can I find bushehr. Am uninstalling this app, sorry..
Really love the news feature! Great to get details w/o having to search.-HTC EVO 4G.
This is very awesome aaplication. Must hv app. You ll b updated 24/7 abt earthquakes very helpfull.
Good but misses a lot of quakes. The Canary islands never show any activity here, yet there's activity that is shown on other sources..
This app is great for monitoring quakes everywhere. Up to date,works great,and I have nothing bad to say about this app .:).
This app updates quickly with accurate info. Good for anyone living in an earthquake zone..
I have experienced no hicccups witg this app. It does what it says and keeps me informed of earthquakes around the world. I trust it..
Great app for free you cant really complain! Gives accurate distances for how far the earthquakes are away and can choose different magnitudes to send you! Reccomended.
Great App, since the 5.8 quake in VA, I use this regularly to monitor the aftershocks..
No need to zoom in anymore to th USGS website.  This app is very easy to use and have not encountered any bugs..
Geography lesson to. Need all the reminders I can get..
THE ALERTS I AM RECEIVING ARE NOT IN SINK WITH THE APP. THEY ARE ABOUT 10 HOURS LATE. FOR INSTANCE I JUST RECEIVED AN ALERT THAT TOOK PLACE AT 11:00 AM AND IS NOW 6:00 PM.
Had no idea there are so many earth quakes on this planet. Now I see all of them.  Love the location, distance and depth info..
Oh My God!  ty for this app.  I have been able to learn what is happening at home with the recent earth quake.
Love it! Keeps me updated on all worldwide earthquake activity. Can create customized notifications by location & magnitude..
Works as it says it does....shows everything I wanted and more. I really like custom sort options, very easy to find what you want to see..
I can't get this app to work. Jeep receiving error message..
I'VE BEEN USING THIS APP FOR A LOONNNGGG TIME. AND I SURE AIN'T GOING TO STOP NOW. LOVE IT !!! THANKS..
Guys!!  This app is totally wicked!! I mean on a helpful way!! This app could help and more graphicalize, VISUALIZE the area that u wanted to see ... and this app can monitor the MOVEMENT of the floor!!!  OVERWHELMING !!! TRY THIS APP AND SEE THE AWESOMENESS!! YEAH !!!.
Works pretty good, just had to keep setting the filter.  Hey, its free version, so I'm getting what I didn't pay for lol..
I would like actually to have some features like having filters around one area and not only my current position..
Seems to be pretty cool but  crashes on my Galaxy Nexus. I'm waiting for the fix, then will rate again.
This program shows real time quakes and quake related news articles.  It's easy to navigate!.
Updates a little slower than my other app, but is much easier to use.
Very useful. Experienced a couple of quakes and this app is almost real time refresh rate. Tnx.
It accurate,its always updated,precisely and I love this app. And show any earthquake at any minute. Excellent..
My review went missing, I did try to find it but its not around, perhaps it works first review to last, meaning if you write a review in April 2013, the older reviews with high stars show but not recent ones unless you search and search... Hoping someone catches on to this. I wanted to love this app but the developer does NOT respond to any issues with it. First Issue: the phone suddenly had a white line down the right side of the quake screen about 1/4" in size, the fonts are bigger but he forgot to make the light pale green larger to accommodate it so hence the line is annoying. Secondly its no longer seeing my location. I wrote, and have written the developer 3 times but no response to help me. The issue with not seeing my location was unexpected and happened overnight AFTER I had been using this app for a couple weeks. My stars were originally 4 giving him credit for the cool links to USGS etc that came with it and despite the weird white line down the right side of screen BUT now I have to lower it to 1 or 2 stars because of the issue with not suddenly seeing my location and lack of support from the developer..
It is so convinient and it tells u about the earthquake in the minute that is happening!!  A really good help for people to get safe in time!! Awesome!!!.
this app said an earthquake had occured in hokkaido, japan, my friend, who happends to live there as native says its false....
Some rough spots to Polish but overall an effective application with unbound potential..
A must have programme..
Completely Failed to give India earth quake reports..
Excellent App!  It's interesting to see the increasing activity around the world!.
I really like this app. Very well laid out information and interface. Updated within 10 minutes of actually feeling an earthquake!.
This app does what it is supposed to do. I check it several times a day ..
Great app. Its good to know where earthquakes are happening and its very accurare. Very accurate with map location..
This is an incredible app, i lived in Mexico and with the last earthquake i just realize that i need some sort of earthquake alert and this app it's what I need..
Failed to report a 7.7 magnitude near me!.
My location was unknown at all times.
Best Earthquake Location App I've come across as it notes the depth as well as location, magnitude incorporated into Google Maps.
Very Great App ! Shows Me Just What I Was Looking For ..
Best off the best played with all earthquake aps this is the only one i didnt delete good information THANKS.
Money for nothing efficient..
I have to put the magnitude and time in an exell spread sheet to graph this. Just a simple line graph would be cool. But great app otherwise.
I'm forever checking to see where the earthquakes have happened. Love it.
Minutes i felt the quake in my place ...the map got updated...good thing!.
I like it. Wish you could make custom notification for certain strength of earthquake..
excellent app great for staying informed on current events and earthquakes. thank you for making it available to all..
With the latest update I am not able to see any info of the earthquake, despite the alert system working fine..
Interesting and informative. Trouble-free as well. Great job Josh..
Fairly accurate so far. Please make a widget! Then id give you 5 stars.
Map showing up in fragments in an pre-age speed, even on wifi. What's the use? Moto Maxx.
Very usefull app! Especially for Armenian Highland (Anadolu)..
One of the most handy I can get. Some part of d world really need this apps..
Just love this app. It helps me keep track of earthquake activity nearby..
HTC Amaze 4G  Love this app. Accurate info and maps. Like the news related articles. Good job. 5 stars 4 me..
Josh...this works as well as any I've tried recently.  I really like the news links.  The app works quickly, and it works well..
I tried others. They don't compare to this one.  The fastest, most complete, & best user interface (UI)! !!.
Good app - does its job well I use it a lot & never had a problem.   Thanks for building it..
Very good app.  Would be 5 stars except there is a big time delay in nearby earthquake advice coming thru... many hours usually.
Would be better if showed fault lines on the map...
I would rate it a 5 * when it actually lets you share the information in picture mode in any social page twitt FB ect some people just need to now this rite of the back not who ever has the app.
Installed clean. Worked first time  accurate and easy to use. I love it.
FC Kindle Fire CM9..
I would like to see this app have a notification. I get it for another one then have to check this app for further details. Takes time..
Suggestion to add sort by after showing all events shown.
Alerts 1-4 hours after earthquakes....
I have miners underground . I use this 2 or 3 times a day. An Extreme Tool! Thanks for creating this..
Would be 5 star but the delay of posting updates lack speed fix that and it will be 5*****.
Please increase more data sources which will help to get faster and accurate info.  Then it will be 5 stars.  Thxx.
I like to keep on top of future earthquakes a d where. So it dose well..
I have used this apparently for close to a year. I find it to be informative and help full a definatly 5+star apparently.
I downloaded the app and it really works. it is accurate. plus it even gives a map showing you the earthquake location. I recommend the app definatly..
I have to download this on every phone. Love it. A local Alaskan,  I use it quite often..
What a fantastic app.  Suggestion..maybe add tsunami warning too..
I use this to alert me of earthquakes in peru where i a family. a great app..
Destul de buna aplicatia, DAR atunci cand "ingheata" trebuie scoasa bateria ca sa fie operationala, din nou, tableta. Asta este motivul minusului....
Set up easy, consistant and consumes little. Nice job..
Superb tool & I use it frequently esp when I commute monthly between north east and south east Asia..
Only thing is the notification features not function properly on my HTC.
Its very informational and very fast at alerting you of any earthquake in the world and news of earthquakes awsome app.
I think it's 1 of the best app you have 4 earthquakes..
Kids love to see how often we have earthquakes close to us..
I live in southeast Asia. And it seems you don't support here at all..
Fonts too small Map fonts stay too small when zoomed even if lathers fonts are checked.
Oh, wait, no alerts. Ever. Even with the companion alerter add-on.  Why bother?.
-app!! It'll be an even better app if it had a notification system that works!! Help..  -LG Optimus Slider.
Its not working at all Droid1.
De los mejores, o el mejor... rapido, exacto y facil de manejar..
Good really good but there are missing ones most probably they are missing in the data source IMHO.
Always ready for earthquake info. And this app, does it all..
Good app overall needs a few features here and there does exactly what it says.
Great to keep up with latest events of seismic activity..
Doesn't work at all..
Awesome app!  Updates are real time within a minute or so..
Awesome app! I use it every day!.
Improvement in progress thanks to Josh..
I would mark 5 stars but I cannot default to my current  location..
Impressive app. use it often to get the latest quake news around the world. Mostly accurate..
Source of information. Accurate and timely. Wish I had this years ago while working for local OES..
Very consistent and just takes a few minutes to get the latest earthquake. I love this app..
I love this app because it gives you location, map and news about earthquakes.
It is good already. Reduce its cycle time by half if possible. It took about 10minutes to get update..
But please if possible notify us earlier..
I'm not pro. This application has everything this user wants..
Cool,destination head's up..
too late, I am dead already by the tsunami...
   ,   ..
I recommend this excellent app to all geological events lovers!.
This app is very useful us ppl in the middle of the pacific..
Have had no issues. It works well..
I'm update my s3 to JB and it does not working.
Coverage of all of the minor quakes in the U.S. would be cool..
A real good summary of a lot of data. Nice display on Nexus 7..
Very informative
Aman Chowdhury 
Dhaka, Bangladesh.
Easy to understand and use. Filters work perfectly on my Samsung Galaxy S..
You will love this app I hope it stays and just gets better...
Updates within minutes; perfect!.
and by then you're dead.
information before tv news channels.
Great app! Washington ti use, pluss well organize info.
I use this app daily. Very well put together:).
thanks very much bro, fastest way to get info for the tremble.
if it had the alerter embedded, I'd paid for this app..
This app doesn't shows quake felt in India ... We felt quake... 4.0magnitude in India..Why not  gave in this app... I would gave in5*****..!!.
sedarlah kamu sekelian,kembali lah kpd agama.
Very good, seemingly accurate, quick. Matching News Reports..
Forces close every  time.
none better!!.
Dont know what I did w/ out it!!! Its great..
Took less than 7 minutes..
My wifes Family live in So Cal and with we always have first notice.
I use it almost every single day!!.
Works awsome and I can always get update on the earthquake magnitudes..
Needs another way to put in current location such as zipcode.
i paid for and doesn't  notify a s#@$ im mad with this.
It what I was looking for. And ut works grate..
Very accurate, no crashes or glitches!!!.
Can't find my location and also can't share..
be aware as the planet squezzes and lives in our solar system. DaSon'e.
Notifications only with paid version.
Can be alittle slow but fine.
Mefasina ledoi un dies.
very easy to use with full info. free version is awesome!.
Love the app it is one of my favorites.
Until it stopped working..
Muy buena aplicacion!.
When the end of the world comes I will be the first to know..
As if for naw its good let's say awesome keep it up.
You are just excellent work..
1 thumbs up! Keep up the good work, sir..
Very good...No one can beat this apps....
Excellent app...has completely replaced my use of email alerting..
If you are interested in this type of stuff I recommend it..
Works like a charm, great graphics.   Get the Pro version!.
Won't let me download.
It is a good app.
Best i have used.
Xcellent App Josh!! TY.
Best one ever.
Brilliant.
Great app, would like to view the plates while viewing the map..
Shake baby shake! Lots of options I like it so far!.
One of the best. I use it all the time.  Mapping has versatility.  Highly recommend..
This app is great does everything I want it to a.
Have it on both phones and tablet. The earth is never still..
The app I use to see recent activity. Recommended..
This is app is very accurate. Great if u are a researcher!! :).
Highly recommend this APP. Y'all have done a great job!! Good job Josh.
Awesome app. scary news but app works great.
36miles from a 3.9 set alert and NADA.  NOTHING. do not suggest you rely on this..
Please support dashclock extension.
Works great! With fast updates and detailed information..
Thanks.
Me gusta.
I'm addicted, best app yet..
very good app. gives me a real good run down of whats going on..
constantly shaking.
It was my best app on 11march and the following months..
Love this app! Also great for sharpening up on my geography!.
Keep up the great work. Runs great on my Incredable.
I LIKE IT   =).
Great app, let's you kno it was was an  earthquake.
Needs time display in local zone in addition to GMT.
Very good application highly recommended to friends   Rahat.
Knowing someone is on watch makes my feel good.
Actually My country most frequently quake ..this app help us ...
Very Good  it teachis me about different places.
Great app, quick updates. Just what I wanted.
This is what I was looking for I'm glad I have found it I I recommend.
Very good and accurate app! The best IMO.
Good ..  .
Awesome app. It does exactly what I want and works great..
Well done app!.
Works ok on SGS 2.3.5. Thanks.
Awasome,quick and easy info 5 stars.
Does more than you would expect for free.  :).
needs better time and day alert dissablement.great app .thanks..
The best I use it every day :D.
It is great to find apps that do what they have to do..
Nice and informative.
Great app my sister lives in Peru and at least iam informed :-).
Keeps me up to date on the road!  Love it..
Nice application very one must use.
Best app for earthquakes ever!!!.
Used this app for over a year now and it is consistently helpful and accurate.
Good information about when the wave will be coming!.
Dose everything well. You can't go wrong..
Odlicna aplikacija.
very updated.
I li.
Super app.
Very good and accurate. Direct link to USGS is a nice feature..
This app is the best of its kind. Good job..
I love earthquakes and I love this app!!.
Very well thought out. Great functionality..
Work greate..
Great detail and info on each quake..
I love the map and usgs options..
Love the map feature,love from India.
One great app..
Good app. Work nice on samsung galaxy note.
Great application with very valuable updated information.
This is the best, as this is very accurate..
Works perfect in my galaxy note!.
Good to have ....
Works great so far so good.
Well designed, great filters, reliable and FREE :).
Easy to use & gives info I want..
Always up to date and very informative..
Wow. Extremely well-designed app..
Very accurate and works perfectly..
This is very informative! Thank you!.
Awesome real time app thanks..
Works great. Nexus S 2.3.6.
Does what it says and no issues..
This is one shockingly good app !.
Simply the best....
I like this one the best..
Does what It says & Says what It does.
Very cool app,  easy to use!.
Works great. LG rev.
Gr8 app!!! A must have in So. California..
Great app.
Very stable bug free.
I check it every day.
Works perfectly on my s3.
Extreme good........  Pls add audio alert option also.
does what it says. awesome app!.
Let u know where exact happened.
Great app easy to use.
Just what I wanted..
Love this app. Works great!.
It's amazing what you see..
Does what it was made to do. Great app..
Awesome app I recommend it for sure.
Does it's job, congrats.
Good to apps you must have it!.
Getting a "cannot connect" error with version 1.5.1.
Very helpful and informative..
Easy to navigate thru..
Great app. Love it.
Really good App..
recomendated, its cool.
Awesome app. I love plate tectonics..
Nice app, love it.
Excelllent.
Fantastic app. So interesting.  Highly recommend....
This app works perfectly..
Galaxy droid. It works perfect.....
With changes of earthquake activities today ... it is important to be aware ....
very clear & concise .  great app.
It Keep us informed..
Work perfect...5  stars.
Super.
Must have for the west coast.
5 star for this very acurate.
This is an awesome app!.
I love it.
Its nice try it.
Not works...
Good app well done.
Just great info. for the interested..
1 of the best applications ever.
For news thats intrestin.
Love them.
You can see where the earthquake.
It great and easy to use.
Good product!.
Very user friendly...i recommend.
Excelente.
B.
Does what it says.
It works.
Very good app!.
Superb ! What a great app .. nice ...
Good    Keep update indian territory.
Nice, informative app..
Great app works perfectly..
I love this application!! Great job!!.
Great app!!Definitely a keeper!!.
In SoCal, its indispensable..
I like this app...
Just what it needs 2b..
Junk.
I love this app. !!!!!.
... and do it well!.
Excellent appl..
VERY VERY GOOD APP !!!.
Bagus sekali.
Small and fast.  Highly recommended..
Love the app...works great.
Just perfect, bigups!.
Great app. thanks.
Use this often.Works well..
I like it!.
Best earthquacke app.
Perfect app.
Works perfectly!.
Clean and simple.
NICE APP! LOVE IT :-).
Great app.
very good app.
exelent app5pts.
I like it!.
Best earthquake monitor app.
great app thanks.
Great app.
The best app on the market.
Love this apps.
Nice app.
Decent app.
very good widget.
Awesome!.
Amazing news...thanks to develop......
Pretty accurate..
Nice, excellent App!!!!!.
Very useful n informative.  Thanx..
Thanks!.
It works great..
WORK FINE GREAT DETAILS.
Work great..
It's very usefull..
One of the excellent app. .*:~].
Fun and interesting..
Love it. Easy to use app!.
Very nice app.
Best!!.
Recomended..
Handy.
Excellent app..
Great app..
Good work..
Great app with news AA+++++.
Good app..
Great app..?.
Simple and useful.
Very thorough....
Fun app..
Cool App..
Great app!!!!.
Awesome app...
Awesome app!.
Works wonderfully!.
Works great!.
Great app...+++.
Lite app. Informative..
Love it!.
Love it!!.
Really Nice App.
helpful.
Awesome app.
Easy to navigate.
Thanks.
Thanks.
Nice app.
Thanks.
Outstanding app.
User friendly..
Great app.
Very good.
Great app.
Work great on ICS.
Pretty cool.
Life saver.
Great app.
Nice app.
Organized and resourceful.
Its handy.
Good app.
Big one is soon.
Very cool.
Love this app.
Much better.
works well.
Good work.
The best.
Works great.
Love it.
Love this app.
Awesome.
Nice 1.
great app.
Excellent application..
Good application.
Like this app.
GREAT APP WORKS GREAT.
Love it!!!.
Thanks...great app.
Ger.
Simple is good..
Ok.
Exellant.
Hebat.
Excellent..
Works.
Must.
LindaK.
Super.
Dextroid.
Great app....
Cool tool.
Best app..
Best yet..
...absolutely 'blyss'-ful... ...user friendly....
Great!.
Awesome!.
Excellent!.
Im impressed  :-).
Great app ....
Good app...
very nice, useful app.............
Very cool.
World class.
Great information.
Excellent.
The best.
Great app.
Good App.
Great App.
Great.
Love it.
Great app.
Cool App.
Best app.
Cool.
Good.
Soo cool.
Good app.
excellent.
Awesome.
Good.
Easy to use.
Nice.
Great !!!!!.
Very good.
Awesome app.....
Love it..
Awesome.
Great.
Excellent.
Accurate.
Good.
Nice.
excellent.
Good.
Excellent.
I have been very pleased with this app. Its simple to use, and does what it said it would. It doesn't use much memory or bandwidth.  I have a Droid x2 and it runs very well on my phone. I like the news clips and the ability to click on a report and have it mapped out.  I do not know how accurate the information is I have not cross referenced it and that is why I only gave it 4 stars. I would recommend this to anyone..
Everything you expect, and more. Author is knowledgeable and responsive. Could do without fine-grained positioning, but I quibble. Awesome!.
I am a TV journalist in Youngstown, Ohio.  I put "Earthquake Alert!" Pro on my droid after we experienced about eight quakes over the past year. I set it up to alert me to any magnitude 2 and above activity in my area. On New Years day I felt the ground shaking as I was heading toward the bicycle trail. Just when I was getting out of my car.. I got a text alert from the App saying it was a 4.0 magnitude quake. The alert came about 15 mins after the actual quake. It said it was in the Youngstown Akron area.. A short time later.. it displayed a map showing the activity was centered on a street corner in McDonald, Ohio.. right next to Youngstown. I went in to work. Before we hit the air with the six pm newscast.. the app showed an updated map based on on more information.. showing epicenter a few yards from a high pressure brine injection well used to dispose of waste from gas and oil drilling..    We updated the location and map in time for the six pm news. I'm glad I had it..
This app is great especially if you live in quake prone areas. I live in So. Cal. and it's nice watching the activity!.
Great app. Stay informed by installing this app. Very customizable. Know how strong the quake was before most news stations report the details..
Nice app. Never realized how many quakes actually Happend Everyday..
Great app... Especially if you live in Southern California like me..
Frcd close! Unstl!.
accurate data, reliable and incredibly fast alert! samsung galaxy ace.
Keeps me informed of all the activity around the world.  Runs great!.
Doesn't since latest update - DROIDX2.
Great job & big up's to the developer: Josh. Thanks  mate!.
Good application its not covering little tremors in south asia..
updates are great. I love this app. Well set up. Works perfect..
Best app !!! Thanks every one should install this app highly recommend it......
Nice app that I use daily..
Neat and interesting..
A source for important earthquake information!.
This is a great app, works great! Thanks.
Great app!.
Like it.
Great app works as advertise!.
Works as advertised..
Samsung infuse.
Great job!.
Exelent. !!!!!!!!!  Great job..
The best.
Just great.
Totally Awesome!!!.
very good.
I've tried a lot of these apps.  This is the by far the best for me:  Developer does the tech work of combining all sources, and giving me highly customizable summary.  Then, if I want more info that, also, is available.  Runs great on my Galaxy Tab 7"..
Great app and a must have if you live in a high frequent earthquake area or likes to monitor the world.... Love it.....
Well-made app. Very thorough, and gets even better with every update. (No issues on Moto Droid).
They thought of everything! One of the best thought out apps I've seen on any topic. Well done!.
Good app. Updates quick and is helpful for finding where an epicenter is.
Since the update force close everytime.
Great functionality in a small (.5 MB) app..
Is an excellent source of information about earthquakes around the earth..
Awesome app....just wish it would say what fault the earthquake occurred on..
Very useful app..
Nice apps...
Absolutely fabulous!!!!.
Great app.
Very good..
Very good.
Help.
Good.
Amazing how quickly it notifies on earthquakes around the world. No major issues, but would like a mileage scale on the map so you can see how far you have zoomed in in unfamiliar countries. Highly recommend..
Set up filters based on distance and magnitude.  See a list of recent earthquakes based on filters, see map, view details, share.
List of quakes is incomplete. A few hours ago it had some quakes from early this morning, now they are not in the list. Accurate list would = 5 stars..
I don't keep my gps or location on for various reasons. It'd be nice if I could set the filter and alert to zip code. Also I never get alerts?.
I like that I can choose my own preferences for the magnitudes reported. Any thing under a 5 isn't worth hearing about (imo)..
...we just had 5 earthquakes over night. In this app works GRRRREAT!.. I felt all the quakes.
Very intuitive application; gets to the information you want quickly. I'd like to see links on the quakes that take me to sites that give more info..
I grew up in California, we've had a few lil quake out here in Arkansas. Love the filters and the map it. This thing works great..
This app is very informative and allows me to visually watch the earth transform in real time. I just wish it didn't wear my battery down so fast.
Very nice app! I am glad that it does not beep everytime there is an earthquake because if it did.... my phone would be beeping all day!.
Pretty nifty. Unfortunately I can't figure out what good is does me to know all the earthquakes around the world.butit makes me go oooooo,aahh and hmm.
I had no idea that many large earthquakes happened on a daily basis. It's almost unsettling. This app is the best one out there hands down..
Not reporting quakes in u.s.! My filter set at 5.5, 24 hours, and worldwide. Guess u.s. isnt considered part of "worldwide".. no Calif quakes, ever?.
Should include a shake sensor to set before going to bed where if it sense shaking an alarm goes off. Otherwise great app..
I just experienced a 5.7 quake but received no alert with a filter set over 5.0. Uninstalling to find something that works and could possibly save me..
I got it just because. I live in VA and thought i would never see an earthquake but I have! Keeps me updated and gives me good info.
Tammy - yes there has been quakes in the u.s. greater than 5.5. This app is probably the best app that alerts of earthquakes! I love it! :).
Idiots in kansas..you didn't get a quake it was in okc.  Others..give it time to update.
App is excellent! Only thing I noticed so far is an error message when trying to share with Facebook. Could not find page..
Great app and working perfect. The only thing i do not like is that the settings I apply do not remain saved so everytime i log in i have to select it.
What could I change about this-nothing. Works great, allows me to change settings to fit what I'm look for. If you are into earthquakes this a must.
Wonderful app! I woke 2 my house shaking & immediatly downloaded this app & the info was already there & discovered there was a 4.1 15 miles away.
This app could get a 5 rating if aolerts were real time.  There seems to be a 25 minute lag..
This beats the others and has a lot more capabilities than the rest. An absolute necessity if you live in an earthquake area, best of all, its free..
Just looked up the magnitude for PR's earthquake today and they were posted within minutes after they happen..
Im in Japan and I can see all the Earthquakes. My only complaint is that its slow to update. It usually takes 10-15 minutes to update..
Great & accurate as verified against USGS reports. Only one thing I wish; that the names on maps would stay enlarged. Too small to read..
works perfect (EVO 4G). nice interface, very professional. best e-quake alert out there using USGS data. Keep up the good work!.
You need to add a manual filter. Sometimes gps doesn't work or wont lock. This way you can filter data near a location without depending on gps..
Great app. Quick and accurate. Only drawback is that it didn't list the earthquake I felt in LA ... Wanted to find out the size, but it didn't list..
I like this one best though they seem to be having update issue. When usgs deleted quakes can't blame the app..
Very easy to use and the layout is great! If you live in an area with earthquakes then you will really love this app, it is one of my favorites..
WOW just opened my eyes to a 3.5 in Costa mess CA. Heard the wall cracking and felt it shake. Looked at this app it says it happened 2 min ago. WOW!!!.
I live in VA and friends thought I was stupid for putting this on my untill today when we had an earthquake :).
I love this app. I live in Va and we had our first big Quake and we've been having after shocks and I immediately go to my app. Keep up the good work!.
Love this app. Use to live in CA and find this very useful tool a must have. Local or worldwide, it shows me the epicenter and depth. Love it!.
Wonderful tool. I clicked appear several times a day, but now with ringtone notification, I don't miss a thing!.
Great app, easy to use. I frequently experence small quakes, and now I have instant access to info on them w/o turning on the desktop..
Would b better if they had more sites 2 get information from...my 5.5,12k dwn wasnt 4.7,4k dwn....accuracy would help, big dif between the 2.....
Use this app, keeps you updated on the Virginia quake and aftershocks..
Just felt 2 earthquakes in SoCal and this baby assured me I wasn't crazy. It provided accurate information.
I love this app.  We have recently had an increase of seismic events and this has become a useful tool to keep up to date with this activity..
Works great. Just wish that it would send a notification to my phone for quakes larger than a certain magnitude..
This is awesome. They don't give you this on the news. Thx much much for helping the puplic open our eyes. Listen to coast to coast am after ten at ni.
Great app. Not only does what it promises, the author gives good explanations as to where the data comes from & why it needs the permissions it does..
Excellent. Refer to app hourly along with notification app. Great info and great gui..
Needs to show the area of yellow stone quakes and expansion... per my request..
Just needs a setting for default location so it doesnt ha e to have gps for locating.
There was an earthquake being reported on the news as it was happening. Fifteen seconds and it was listed. Great program..
Very poor....I just felt earthquack of arround 6 in new Delhi..india..just 5 min ago...still now no update. And neither I found the option of felt equ.
great app and support if you have Queston. this is the only app I received an email back when asking a question..
this works great. i love being able to usr satelite view and see all quakes around world.
Works on my droid incredible great! But does not alert as so named. Have to download a separate app. Also misses many and too late..
A wonderful app. Attractive, uncluttered UI. No ads (thanks!). Helpful link to USGS, too.(On the info page). I love it. HTC mt 3g, 3.5 mm, os 2.2.1.
My only complaint is that the map zoom levels are not granular enough. Give more fine control of zoom in and out..
Well designed and functional ap. I open it several times daily. It has never crashed and recommend it highly. Tom B. Central Cal..
Love it. Only complaint is that I would like more control of areas reported. I need all of North America but don't need rest of world for example..
Awesome and I'm central virginia and I don't really need it but it was really awesome to have yesterday.
Excellent GUI, needs to have widget and alarm like Earthquake! by Reto Meier to earn 5* Is it possible to filter depth too ?.
Useless. The local news told me about more small tremors than this thing. Leaves you wanting a lot more.
Love being to see what is happening around the world and how often earthquakes are happening. Would like to download a history log.
This app gave me the magnitude and location of our east coast 5.8 earthquake before ANYONE else had it! Definitely a keeper!.
Needs a better location Selection. How about adding US. Instead of 1000 miles. I want CA but have to use world cause over 1000 miles from here..
I live in oklahoma, never thought I would have to download an app like this.
Love this app! It made me realize that earthquakes happen all of the time in Alaska,I have the ability now to know magnitude before it's announced!.
This app is very easy to configure so you are alerted to quakes in the area you are concerned about. Extremely easy to use, too. Great job, sir!.
Great earthquake alert app. The filters are very useful. I'm finding it fascinating to see how our earth is trembling just about everywhere.
Very clean interface and loads everything smoothly. No problems on my HTC Incredible so far. Checkout my review of this on AndroidActivist (dot) org..
Interesting. You'd be surprised how many earthquakes happen each day & are not reported on the news.
Location filter has only three useless options,  "near me" (what, like 5 feet?  50 miles? A furlong?),  "1000 miles",  and "worldwide"..
This app is a 5 star app.I never have any problems.It's always accurate.It gives you a lot of details..
Once you integrate notifications its 5 stars for sure. Good filter options clean design...nice job..
But it won't let me share on Facebook . Other than that I love this app :).
The earth shook and it was listed. Nice!.
What can I say, works great and its fast and accurate. A few weeks ago I felt a very small earthquake Los Angeles, CA got the alert with in seconds..
Excellent. The only problem is that posting to facebook does not work. :( please fix!!.
Looks like a neat app. Will be good if i can access NZ earthquake sites for data. Doesnt seem to get NZ data which is a shame..
It need to stop crashing say cant find sever fix that now you all.
An excellent app let down by the fact that it apparently doesn't cover the whole world. It never reports anything to do with the European zone..
We had an earthquake, and I downloaded all apps and this had the quickest results..
Really like this app, much better than any others available now but would give 5 stars for text alerts. Hoping available soon ; ).
I downloaded this within minutes of the Virginia quake and had the scoop before CNN. Nice!.
It works well. However i don't want two program for setting up notification.
This app looks nice, works well and is very easy to use. Great work dev!.
Great app. Ya really don't know how many earthquakes there really are in a day. From a1.0 to a 9.9, incredible!.
Ok uk data not supported but a great app and cool to watch our earth shaking itself appart hope the usgs starts updating the uk and europ data.
Great App. Works like a charm. A must have if you follow earthquakes. All info is readily available. Works great on the Droid..
Been tracking the recent Oklahoma earthquakes with it. Will be nice when alerting is built-in..
Super dooper app! Shaky loads of info and.
Works perfectly.  Couldn't ask for better, except, would prefer advance notice..
Wow, I thought the "latest quakes" app I had was the best.. This one is FAR better! Simply awesome!.
This is a remarkably good app. Stable and highly configurable, Earthquake Alert! is is a great addition to any emergency planning or response kit..
Does a great job with notifications and gives me exact locations and times. I have tried a couple quake apps and this One's features by far are better.
We just had earthquake in wichita ks...yes wichita ks, and this app would not say we had one. Don't work for me..
Really liked this app but sitting in tokyo, just had a small aftershock so decided to check this app and only found NETWORK UNAVAILABLE. n1 2.3.3.
Ben This app IS REAL. Does what it says. The info is overwhelming.
I was using ok but now the map diesnt show up....sorry.
Good app although I wish the Distance and Date settings would stay the way I set them. I have to re-adjust to my preference any time I check the app..
Earthquakes in one place after another. Must be the time of the end!.
Extremely impressed! The accuracy is precise enough to be seen on app first before news stations air it! Well done!.
Lol iphone have to s--k androids, c--k jajajaha this is the most complete app for earthquake research....
Me and my 4 year old check on the world earthquakes every night..
Living in Iwate this is the best and most reliable app a real lifesaver! And that is litteral Wish you could intergrate tsunami warnings and alerts..
Especially coming from earthquake country, I can know immediately of any concerns..
An hour before Virginia state quake I was setting my new app on my Android. Now I just know that a 7.0 massive quake hits Peruvian soils. Awesome!.
Great app! I experienced 2 quakes this morning in Dumaguete, philippines and in minutes it was posted!.
Takes forever to load and dosnt include christchurch quakes.
I was in a Earthquake and I check to get info and It was already here. Grat App. Thanks ^_^.
Like the various alert filter possibilities. Push alert is delayed about 30 min..
Very interesting to see how many earthquakes take place that I would otherwise never know about. Love this app..
Great app but doesn't show European earthquakes, so for this reason i am uninstalling :(.
Very accurate. Im surprised it didn't get any activity when my drunk roomate drove his car through the garage door last night..
After move to sd, from 516Kb drop 96Kb, thanks; but then, after open it, it jump to 523Kb due to Data. Why can't you put the data to sd?Like the info.
Needs to fix the "share-ability".
Interface preferred over similar apps. Like: EQ levels/timeframe filters. Want: Tectonic plate layer (for context), volcanic-activity stats..
Simple and well designed app. Data seems to require manual refreshing but hey, its geologic time right?.
Felt it here too (3.5) in Garden Grove California.
I have used this app for a long time and it's definitely the best one out there..
I downloaded this app after feeling a minor quake in la. It immediately had the size, location and depth of the quake. A must have for everyone..
Very interesting. Useful. Decent all that runs better than all the others I've tried. Give it a shot u can always delete if u don't like it..
Disappointed., I wasnt alerted on todays Washington quake ..wasn't anywhere in there when I searched for it....remove...
I don't really understand it so..uninstalling...
App is so cool. I honestly never knew so many earthquakes happened every day..
Sometimes a little slow to get the alert, but could be cell network Otherwise another great app to woo people with!.
Good app, stable, good interface, plenty of available info, it's NOT your emergency report, but very reliable, well developed imo - VisionCM7.
Tells me what I need to know. Great on G2 v2.3.3.
I didn't knew that Worldwide means only USA and closest islands. Go away with your shi*** app!.
I have miners underground and really appreciate your information.
The ability for multiple alerts/distance/magnitude sets it apart from others. Suggest eliminating the proprietary ring tones to save space..
Great app for alerting and giving info of earthquakes taking place in the world..
Pretty good, definitely does the job. Has the ability to torque area and region for desired output. Updates are frequent..
Love, Love, Love this app. Works perfectly and it's so cool being able to keep tabs on all the rumbles out there in the World..
I am very impressed with this app. The layout is clear, the filters work intuitively, and the author seems committed. Could write more with more space.
Very nice app. Lots of info available about quakes on the screen. Love it!.
The more deeply I get into this the better it gets. I live in a "zone" and feel this app gives me a heads up to the patterns that are developing..
Love how this keeps me informed of what is going on not only in the US, but also world wide. Works great on my DroidX!.
5.3 hit Co last night. It doest show it..
Full of great world wide quake info. Will not alert me when app is within my filter magnitude and distance...
Shez 27/7/11 have used 4 several months now & find this app. An excellent source of info, well done dev. Best on the market..
Really like this app...great quick resource and perfect links to additional info A+.
Kept crashing on HTC desire.
This is a good application, it hasn't caused any problems, I'm using an android incredible 2. The alerts work. Easy to use..
Its easy and gives me the information that I want to know in seconds. I check it every day. Highly recommended and the app works greatd too.
Works great, never had a problem with functionality. Interesting to keep up to date if a large quake hits somewhere..
Useless, notifications app sans notifications?.
great to have since tornadoe alley seems to be earthquake alley since last weekend!.
in combination with its sister app it works really well. sometimes it warns me of the same earthquake  twice..
very good app, just wish it had a alert feature to text or email me when an earthquakes happens!.
Awesome app, never knew there were as many earthquakes worldwide until I got this app..
Its amasing i love it tells you every thing and every where earthquets happen :) i got it just incase on happens hear.
Works great, only 1 freeze so far, I like this app, it's the best & for free! Zang!.
1st Quake app. on market and still the best. Accurate info. Fast notifications and Alerts when used with the Alerter app..
Ok..sometimes freezes..nothing special.
Awesome app helped me figure out if I was crazy on not first time I ever experienced a earthquake in NJ.
This is so great. you can see earthquakes either near or worldwide..
Pretty quick with updates and the details of the quakes. Just wish there was a way to copy the map of the epicenter to share w friends.
Muy buena, pero sera bueno Que alertara en el momento precis cuando est susediendo un temblor.
I have tried a lot of different earthquake apps, and this far and beyond the best one in the market! Keep up the great work!.
I heard about East Coast quake living in Cali new we are next and 7 since 11 pm last night.
Spot on Josh.  Thank you. Will upgrade to pro to support awesome engineering!.
Great jobs, very usefull remind me for the end of the world isn't far for us, if I could give this 5x2 stars.
Its just one of them apps u know is great from the start...enough said.
Interesting, well laid out and easy to use. Would be nice if there was an option to use network rather than GPS for location..
Great interface, well thought out, attractive, runs well. -1 star only because the alerter app is still clearly a work-in-progress..
This app is great for tracking the coming maelstrom. Seriously, the detail in this app is phenomenal for a free app. Recommend to everyone..
Its clean and I like the map and radial bullseye. Infuse 4G.
Love this app!!! Soooo useful, especially when in earthquake areas. This is the FIRST place we look for info when we feel a quake in SoCal..
The only thing not 5 * is the icon!!.
More info than PDC, on earthquakes. Great app.
Works for me. I really need this. It helps me for PR..
Greece had an earthquake,and you did not notified me...get with the float..only 2 stars just for that..
I really need to be able to have specific notifications, app only supports 2.2^, please change this, so far app is great..
Really interesting. One of my fav's for sure! Peace, Bug.
I think this app is pretty good if you are into these kinds of apps. Good job!.
Live in the Bay Area and love to see the info on our numerous quakes today..
Why no New Zealand quakes? We have lots here over 3 and they never show on this app..
Great app for a quick check to see info about a particular quake.
Downloaded this since we had a 4.3 lastnight in holland,very informative application. Worth the download and well done!.
Bad europe eq detections.
Showed indonesis quake bit not Oklahoma's quake.
I live in VA...and this app is now on my DROIDX home screen!.
Great app September October I beleave is gonna be full of earthquake activity constantly improving app way to go guys!!!!.
Excellent program. When selecting metric in settings, imperial still display..
Being from the Pacific Northwest, it is very interesting to see just how active the region is.
Timely, informative, accurate, and additional resources are available for research..
Would be nice to set magnitude to be alertable at settings over 7.0 and not just seven and under..
Excellent app. Superior to others I tried....id reccomend this one to anyone looking for a great earthquake app !!.
This app kicks butt thanks.
Best app out there for earthquake. Notification with filter etc. This app got the edge over the rest with options etc. Earth is changing..
Arghhhhhhh earthquake !!! (uk) biggest 4.3 (2007 ) I'm loving it 5 stars HTC wildfire 2.2.1 (Dover UK ).
Very convenient app. Must hv for bay area people.
I love it. Very interesting to see how many earthquakes happen daily..
Absolutely love this app, especially seeing where an earthquake has occurred and detailed info with it. Good job!.
10 stars for this. Simple and easy to use. All the functions are self contained. Does what its expeocted to do. Keep up the good work Josh..
Earthquake App. Is Very cool app, I use it everyday..
Cool app I like it alike. Very informitive. If you like weather, its a must download.
VERY nice. I would PAY. And UNLIKE other free apps, THIS free app doesn't have ADS..
Didn't realize there was that much going on...
Very handy with useful data and its worldwide..so when the big one hits kiss ur butt goodbye..
Living in NorCal where the ground is constantly on the move it's nice to have such a reliable, accurate app. Thanks!.
Good app, keep up the good work. good info around the world, keep every body inform...
European earthquakes please ....
That last guy is a fool va quakes are showing up, up to date, great app.
Its good to know what is giong on all over the world . This is a very good app . Every one should get it . You will not find this info in the news.
Does what it says. Get Alerter beta at same time for alerts..
Showed almost instantly. At least I know it was a earthquake..
Would be 5 star if it would quit going blank with zooming. Otherwise I love the app..
great app, who knew this would be so interesting? Droid X.
they need to fix some bugs but otherwise I like it.
Kim-there hasn't been anything as high as a 5.5 in the US...set it lower. Works as it should. Droid Incredible..
That I don't live on the west coast. Or a major faultline. Lol.
Great app especily being in Christchurch. I cant get notifications via text tho..
I am in California and it keeps telling me near me results for the state of Washington. Started today..
I love this app. Live in vulnerable area. Josh Clemm smart as a whip..
...for keeping an eye on things.
This is by far one of the coolest apps available!.
Works great. Never knew about all the action out there..
Easy to use filters. App does exactly what it is designed for by providing timely reports and mapping functions..
Good app. Now i know whats taking place around the world .thank u !!!!!!!!!buena app.Ahora estoy al tanto de Lo que sucede en el mundo!! Gracias.
I know of earthquakes before the news announces it... Awesome app.
Nice interface, easy to use and informative. Galaxy S2.
Love the app, the information is incredible how up to date it is. Wish the font was bigger or that I could control that..
Works every time, accurate and very user friendly..
I like this app. I always looking to see where the Earth is moving. This its a good way to get the info.
Reported an earthquake's details as soon as USGS had them & allowed me to share the details with others..
Great app, with excellent and prompt assistance from developer. Will rate 5 stars for more filter options..
This app. does what its supposed to do. Funny how the app. Alerts faster than the USGS sends me an email. Gets 5.0 stars..
Works well, new Add on alerter app makes it even more useful. Thanks Dev..
Because we have missionaries all over the world..I like knowing what is happening when! Awesome app!!.
Love it!! Worked like it should..
Awesome and extremely useful.I felt an earthquake near me,but I wasn't sure.. now I am..
Really fast app on the motorola charm. Only thing that could be better is a widget..
Love it but it needs a alarm or a beep when theres an earthquake......
Interesting but the map loads slow when zooming in and out on my G2X..
Has features from the other earthquake programs all combined into this one program. Well done!.
The circle shown on map does not show actual affected area... can this be fixed ?.
Very Useful & A Great Tool To Find Out "What's Shakin" Around You (Ha, Ha, Ha)!!!.
Didn't alert me after today earthquake 3.6..
By far the best and fastest Earthquake Notification app. Absolutely love it. Excelent Download. Works with Droid 2.
Great app very fast updates.I live in Va. I never thought I'd need this you never know..
Not sure what else to improve. Unless there is data to detect earthquakes on other planets..
They neeeedd to include the alerts inside this program; not out side.
Awesome...great set of up options & easy to use. You go Josh!.
App works great.. More info than other apps.. Add a widget for 5 stars.. Samsung Captivate 2.2.
Worth 6 stars but I'm limited to just 5..
great. app info is very accurate great..
Great app! DROID x gingerbread.
Works on htc desire hd, is addware free, and does not have spyware inside the app..
Most accurate fast updating app with most useful filters..
Very nice... Updates are super fast..
It doesn't share to my facebook through browser...
Good information,.
Great But Cant download Alerter for notifications - DROID X.
Good app; but can i request more options for "distance filter", and in kms. Thks..
Could not connect to the network (HTC sensation)(China).
It not alert unless you have an 2.2 phone not g1phone.
This is one cool app! Nice job! Keep up the good work! Updated to 5 stars! Very nice!.
This is a great app. Pulls relevant data, presents it in a great format with the right features..
This app works very good its live time Irecomend in this time of earthquake that is going on today.
I live in Indiana, daughter is in San Francisco. Need local activity there instead of where I live.
Wouldn't even open once on android 2.1, had to uninstall.
Great app but get force close message when using the tab feature. Droid..
Scary stuff, but brilliant app ) cheers guys.
Works great on my droid 2 global.
Very interesting stuff and well presented!.
One of those apps you will use and enjoy every day.
5 stars if I knew anything about earthquake reporting..
Works great on my Samsung droid.
Works great on Andoid 2.1 faster than some other apps I've tried..
Couldn't be any better for a geo geek.
Does exacty what it is supposed to, very nice app. 5 stars and two thumbs up!!!.
Is just great, it works perfect in my Droid phone. 5 starts.
A must if you live in CA.
Does what it says and does it very well indeed..
Like this app. Works very well on the Motorola DroidX..
Una de las mejores apps..
It dose what it says it will..
This is all you need !.
Great app!  Best one of it's kind I have found..
This could save lives. Keep at it dev, and thanks..
Doesn't show distance even when  option is checked.
Love this app. Clear and concise. Amazing information..
I live near two volcanoes. This app may come in very useful..
Please add faultlines as option for maps.
Great app that does excatly what it says it will. Easy to use, configurable and effective..
Love it! Great design, and has never crashed on my HTC inspire..
Working on my old cliqXt.
This is a app. That's a keeper.
A real eye opener for what it is. No waiting..
Notifications are working great. Turned all my friends onto it..
Awesome, never a problem. Runs smoothly every single time..
Once notification is integrated into this app to make it a single app it will be 5 stars..
If it was faster id give 5 stars but all in all great app.
This a great. Apps....
Does what it says!! 3vo.
Excellent does everything supposed to!.
Slim design, but all the information you need! Very handy.
I felt a quake, downloaded this app, and there was the information for it! Nice interface, great app!.
Simple but cool.
Excellent app, a must have if you're into Earth sciences :).
Does exactly what it claims to do and is presented in a clear and intuitive fashion..
Did not register todays 3.4 in the canary islands....
Works great. No issues..
This app living in so California will ne great.
Great app. Works as described and works well. Also recommend the Alerter app. Droid X.
Not sure yet.
Does not eat up the battery life with the push notifications..
A must for San Franciscans.
Accurate descriptions of earthquakes for DROID 3.
Does exactly what it says!.
Non for Europe. Only Asia and America..
WOW OMG THIS IS GREAT, AMAZING, PERFECT, etc., etc.! Thanks soooo much for making it!.
Does exactly what it says..
I love this app. It keep me posted on quake around the world..
Very informative. Not sure what the red exclamation mark means.
Does what it says. You can filter by distance and time. Great app..
It does wat it says.
Great app! I LOVE the interface of this app!!! The Share option is a fave! ThankU! Galaxy S ll.
Works sweet app android 2.1.
Does what it says on the box. Well done no issues with Galaxy 2s.
Easy to read and loads of detail at first glance..
Great tool if you need to know or are just interesyed on tectonics..
great app. I wish that it would allow filtering for a specific region.
Great little app shows earthquake activity worldwide..
What's well so far. No problems.Lg optimus.
Interesting, esp. when you live in Alaska as  I do..
Would like to specify a geo location and have the app calculate radius from that location..
OMG I THINK I'M BASED.
Its really great . . . And it gives real time real info.
Very interesting if you live in California like I do.....
It's right on point!.
Why can't it keep my location ...
Superb apication with 100% accurecy,works perfect on HTC legend...
Living in Japan, this is giving great information right at my fingertips..
This is such a beautifully done app!! Thank u, and thank u for making it free!!.
Superb interface, very professional... I like a lot, well done!.
Works as advertised, fast updates, and lots of info..
Works great! If you live in California its a must!.
Awesome app. Filtering options are on point. Keep up the great work..
Great app! Love the update. Love that you can set notifications.
Gary. A very interesting and informative application. Very easy to use.
One of the best droid apps i've used by far..
No earthquakes near me, so an extra star just for that! ;-).
Organized,simple,thorough!.
Useful app. And very quick in terms of posting info. To readers..
Easy user interface. Desirable setting adjustments. Accurate and perfect!.
Best app I have ever installed on my phone!.
Interesting app that shows activity by the parameters you set..
Great UI. Five stars if facebook works..
Nice work,keep give us more like this one.
Great App Best earthquake app of the bunch..
Works great and shows everything you need to know!.
User friendly.
It is easy to use and very accurate....love it!.
wonderful app! Would like to see fonts a little larger!.
Really helps with the apocalyptic timing, for folks like me..
The companion alerter app is sweet...great find in the market..
Works really well very accurate too great download.
It just plain works! Love it!.
I live in Southern California. Quick updates, magnitude, and locations..
No alerts fot 2.1? I can't use it. Other than that great work. Uninstall..
Just a great app. Works great on the Samsung Galaxy S..
A solid app that works perfect. Thanks for the great program..
Great app. Responds trully in a seconds!!!.
Ok app, saving the filter settings would be nice..
Works very well.
Sammie Cool so far.. very well put together.
Great app. Thanks for giving all the info. Use it every day..
Would like a "US"  option for quake location..
Doesn't beep when an earthquake happens have to keep checking.
Very nice interface and easy to use..
Best app on the market,droid2global, thx youre the man!.
Great app for seeing earthquakes and more....
We'll see!.
I enjoy this app. It's accurate, and easy to use..
Amazing app since I live in Japan. thanks.
Really well done. No problems.
Great app. No problems at all.
Facinating! Would love a post to facebook link..
Awesome App!!! Can't wait to contribute. EVO4g in SoCal.
..
A really good ap for the HTC desire S.
Fast easy good details If with sounds ,it ...excel..
Works great, nice interface, very fast and smooth..
I like this app... Andre'.
Does what it says..
Awesome ..its one of those show off apps..
Nice app.  Easy to use, good layout!.
Great app! Clear and simple UI..
Best app for earthquakes that is in the market.
Great UI, very easy and straightforward to use..
It better on other apps..
Quick!!!!!! Within 1-2 minutes.
Great app. Get your bugout bags ready ;).
Great app!!!!!can't take my eyes away..
Works great, needs more domestic attention..
Runs great on my xperia play!.
Just wish notification was included in the main app.
All you need now is a widget.
Nice to have, needs some more graphics..
Great App. Monitoring the east coast..
Works great and very good app. Thank you..
It's very accurate thanx ..
better if tsunami include. tx, btw.
No problems with this app so far..
Great app!...Very useful and resourceful..
Best app, love it, keep up the good work.
Brill,brilliant,best earthquake app out there...
Gorgeous app. I like it.
Love them, just gotta combine now... Thnx.
Borderline perfection..
Love the filters & world map.
Brilliant application I use it all the time.
Great ap.
Great app...news only reports 7 and above.....
Would love to have archived data as well.
Just the job. Simple, quick and easy to use..
Very user friendly & informative..
Works great does what it says..
Very good! Includes Eastern europe.
Great App. No problems at all..
Fantastic app! A must have..
Great app especially where i live is earthquake zone.
Excellent app... works great on Galaxy S!.
Works perfectly, good info, would recommend.
Great effort..keep up the good work.
Epic. Works great on LG Opitimis M..
Easy to configure. Good alert notification.
Very precise. Love it.
Great app. Everyone should have it..
Incredible froyo 2.2 Excellent free App.
This is a very good and informative app..
Thanks for crating and sharing!.
Very good...the info you need!.
I really loves it..
Easy to use and informative..
I like the depth report and the map..
Easy to use. Bravo!.
Great App. Samsung Vibrant.
Good info.
Very useful Droid X2.
Well done. Simple. Clear..
This app is very good..
Works really nice.
Nice tool troy.
Fairly awesome.
Awsome, i love the alert feature!.
Good, better when I use it along with another app.
Very nice app - htc desire.
Everyone should have this app..
Pretty good..
Very useful tool these days..
Great app ... instant notification is great!.
Works well.
Great app. Fast, simple, accurate. Thank you..
Very good app ..... HTC evo (PUERTO RICO).
good application . . almost perfect.
One of the two best earthquake apps.
Very cool n usefull app.
simple yet very informative thanks.
Works great on HTC desire hd.
Thank You.
Works great on my Samsung Captivate.
Nice app for the content.
Fantastically designed app for every phone.
Works great on my DROID x.
Like this one.
Cool app!.
Cool app and somewhat addicting!.
Very useful.
Very accurate and helpful!.
excellent app very accurate!.
Excellent. Don't have any problems..
worth to install.
works well.
I am impressed!.
Very interesting, nice features..
Wonderfulness. Its a super app..
Great app. Notification comes quick..
Very good app. Highly recomendable..
Me like this very much :).
This is my favourite app I love it !!!!.
One of the best app of the market..
Runs great..
Truly amazing - this is a fantastic app.
This is a great i love this APP..
Love this app very informative..
Great little app for the budding seismologist..
Very nicely done. Thank you..
Good to have this info..
Good app does what it says..
Very nice and simple.... Like it.
Bagus sekali. Great work.
Very user friendly..
A widget would be nice..
Awesome app. Very useful !!!.
Is a very good tool!.
Works great. Droid X.
Awesome app, very accurate.
Does what you'd expect it to..
Well done! Fascinate 2.2.
Amazing! Update info..
Very adequate...
Amazing app! Thanks..
Nice... Keep up the good work.
Love the filters. Works as advertised..
Good, informative. Works well..
Awesome.
I think it is great!.
Works great on the LG Ally.
Works Great.
Great app.
Works as expected. Good info. source..
Great app.
Beautiful!.
Love it! Droid X.
Excellent reliable and informative.
Just love this app!.
Very nice quality.
Good software Must download.
Great app on Moto X.
Very handy and accurate!.
Love it!.
Great.
Quite a good app.
Easy to use. Clear information..
Love this app. Very accurate..
Interesting, nice app..
Love it!.
Droid Incredible... wonderful app.
Great!.
Awesome! Easy to use...
Really accurate and helpful..
Great app. Detailed and simple..
Wow. This really helps..
Excellent, very usefull.
Pretty good..
Best one available..
way. cool !!!!!.
Great App. Droid 2..
Awesome app. Vibrant.
Great.....
Great app, thanks.
Real good..
Pretty cool app..
The best earthquake app ever!!!!!!!!!!.
Excellent!.
Good app , informative.
Love it EVO 4G.
Nice ap!.
It's great!.
Great app!.
Great!.
Works great!.
Great app!.
Totally rad!.
Absolutely love it!.
Excellent app!.
This is awesome!.
Great app!!.
Pretty kool!!.
Great app!!.
Very useful info.
Excellent.
Very cool and helpful.
Very cool app.
Excellent highly detailed.
Good app.
Great app.
Great app.
Love this app.
Fantastic app.very interesting.
Fun fun.
Pretty on top of it..
Earthquake.
Niiiice.
Quick enough..!! Nice 1.....
Garry.
Like it.
Great love it..
It's great,.
Wonderful app..
Love this app..
Great app..
Awesom.. Interesting.
Great app..
Great APP,.
Good info..
Good..accurate.
Cool!.
Love it!!.
Love it!.
Impressive!.
Awesome!!!.
Best App Ever!!!!!!!!!!!!.
good app.
Works great.
good app.
Very good.
Good app.
Works good.
Excellent app.
awesome in alaska.
Nice work.
Great app.
good app.
Good app.
Good.
love this app.
good app.
Nice one.
Excellent application.
emosewA.
Great app.
Freaking awsome.
good app.
Nice application.
Good enough.
good app.
Awesome app.
good app.
good app.
Very informative.
It is Great.
good app.
Great tool.
Great app!.
Great app....
Quick & perfect.
Nice app.
Great app.....
Excellent..
Great..
i love it...
Awesome.
Excellent.
Interesting....... :).
Good...
Excellent.
Cool.
Awesome.
love it.
Outstanding.
Nice.
Great.
Satisfied.
Excellent.
Awesome.
Interesting.
Excelent.
Awesome.
Useful.
Awesome.
Nice.
Great.
Good.
The other apps say there have been high aftershocks like every half hour. It connects you to the usgs site where it is posted....i know...crazy huh..
Great App. Good interface and UI. 1 Star off because there is a setting to get push notifications of a new earthquake. The dl link for it is broken.
Great app, but no notification??? Sorry, going back to my old app Earthquakes! What good does this app do if you dont get notified? Uninstalled..
Every week gets worse and worse. Even so, come Lord Jesus. :) very nice app!.
Love this app! Keeps me alerted everywhere, not just when I can look for recent info. Great idea..
This is a pretty good app. Its a little slow sometimes, but that could be my phone. Good work..
Nice app.  One thing missing is any tsunami warnings due to an earthquake..
Simple and straight to the point. Makes you realize just how shakey this world is. Especially like the map displays of quake locations..
I love it but my wife thinks im to paranoid. Works great and fast..
Just had an earthquake near ny home in Thailand. According to this we didn't..
Weird. Why is it saying japan is getting earth quakes every5 mins.
Awesome app. I am 40 miles away from the activity in Arkansas and have felt 2 of them. Thank you so much for this app.
Quickly came up with small one that just occured!.
Love the app, better if volcanoes, hurricanes, tsunami & other major natural events were included, & correlated as pri/sec events!.
This does what it says and it works very well. If you like to keep up with earthquakes then this is the app for you..
Great app. I travel frequently to Mexico City, this app could become an invaluable tool...great job! Thank you!.
Really interesting and very informative. Thanks!.
@flanklin that is because thats one of the most active sesmics areas right now.
This app is cool. I had no idea there were so many earthquakes near me..
Very useful app! I mean knowledge about your environment is informative, educational..well done.
Easy to use app that every body should have.
Always wanted something like this. Works great..
if I can email someone the map as a picture, that would make the appear perfect! Viewpad7.
Do not get notification nor any alerts. Won't dload Overall ....... 4*'s! X10.
Very user friendly and works...
Love it, specially with all the earthquakes lately.
Automatic force close since update plz fix.
Great app. The developer is very responsive..
Ever since update force close. Uninstalled!.
Excellent ap, works as described..
Works great . But what about a fault line overlay.
Works very well on HTC hero..
All I asked for....
How about an app for tsunami alerts.
Exelent app. HTC evo.
Love this app, it's stable on my HTC, and quite easy to use..
Could use functionality.
Does what it says.
A does what it says it does app,and as a bonus is a super fast map browser.down to property level!!.
Caanot share to FB?.
Use every day.
Very interesting..
Working great. Love the map with exact details. Recommended!!!!.
Works great on Samsung Galaxy S with Froyo 2.2.
Really enjoy this app. One of my favorite.
The only app I open daily..
Works great so far. Droid x.
Great app. Much better than the competition..
Hoping to feel a big 1 then see a big 1.
Works great. Updates have really improved this app..
Needs alerts.
Force close.
Update fixed for garminfone. Works great again. Love it.
Niceee appp..
Excellent (epic 4g Froyo).
Great app. Good to known.
Excellent for Emergency First Responders.
Good !.
Clean interface and snappy..
Steve.
I love this app..
Great info app..
Super cool!.
Works beautifully..
Love this app.
Great app..
Love it!.
Very interesting.
Smart app.
Great app.Love it.
Cool.
Interesting.
Cool.
Nice.
Excellent.
Great.
Just wish it would really post on Facebook I try but it doesn't put any data. It says link is broken.... otherwise great love Snooki10.
Very nice... now I can just use this app to prove incredulous people.
I m in japan, and woulb be good if it saves the changes. This app could have alert before and also for tsunami. GAMBATE NIHON JIN!.
Wow who knew we have so many Quakes. Best wishes to Japan 8.9 magnitude. Unbelievable.
Needs a transparent glass looking widget and it would be perfect. Better then other earthquake apps I have tried but one other has an (ugly) widget..
Good!!! I just wish I could go back more then a week to see earthquakes from more back into the past. But other then that it's great!.
In Padang, West Sumatera, Indonesia... This APP is very usefull... In my city earthquake always can do, but goverment cant give an fix information....
Love it. Would give 5 stars if u can get a notification of a earthquake with in so many miles of u or a set area. Another then that its amazing..
Not bad but not great. I want to be able to setup custom notification areas. I'll stick to my text messages from USGS..
Looks like it would be a great App but it locks up my Mytouch 3G running Froyo 2.2. Hope u can fix that..
Bad issue, this app hasnt alerts, no sounds to notify quakes. NEEDS ALERTS!!.
Would b 5 star if you had a widget and could notify u at the time the eq happened Sams. Transform.
This is really great. Love the map. Would love to select # of days instead of just today or a week. Would love option to choose one mag level. Droidx.
ustwanttothankyouforyoureffortonsucha won der fu l appl ic ati on it is easy and acc ur ate, how ever I wou ld be gr atef u l if you have added the ts.
Only thing would be to give option to not display the red rings. It gets to cluttered.
Useless now. Won' t open and force closes since update! (HTC Magic).
Awesome app...just wish it would vibrate for anything over a 6...or an earthquake nearby....well..a warning would be nice also...nice app..
No earthquake data found for New Zealand. Useless. Uninstalled.
Love app very informative. Is there a way to see fault lines?.
Stupid app won't even let me uninstall.
Absolutely perfect! Zero problems, and BEAUTIFUL DATA... Exactly what I wanted..
My only request is for it to alert you when quakes over a certain magnitude occur..
Pretty good but can't change map view to satellite whereas you can with the 'other' earthquake app..
Excellent,better than I expected. For your automatic update feature,if you can set up the option on WiFi only,that Will be perfect. Love it.
Ok this app is awesome but needs alert feature in a very bad way. Htc evo.
CRAP! WASTE OF TIME! Map only showed where I live not where quake was..
This is a great app but it could be better if an actual alert ring could be sent like a text message ringer to your phone when an earthquake hit near.
Needs alerts.... either local or world wide based on filter and one that you can hear / feel.
Great informative app. I would like to see an alert system or sound if something is happening in a specific area that is not where Iam but where fam..
This app is making me scared 2012 is here..
love this app! worth the download. - motorola defy..
It's amazing to see the number of quakes that occur around the world at any one time. Awesome app!.
Version 1.5.1 fixed the force close issue on my Droid X..
Never realized how many quakes happen each day..the end of the world is coming soon..awesome app. Make new updates. Driod X.
Clear and informative, easy setup of options, was 5* but doesn't cover UK specifically todays Blackpool earthquake so isn't worldwide as described..
Sadly didnt understand it earlier...now its working ultimate on my x10 !.
No reason for this app to know gps location.
Doesn't work. Uninstalled. EVO.
I give 5 stars if it would alert me larger events set at my choice. A great app otherwise.
Need to be able to monitor MAJOR events . A limit of just 5.5 makes this the exact same as a SPAM generator.
Excellent app! Need to add notification alerts for desired magnitude and region. Let me select a specific country so I dont have to use GPS always..
Filters don't work.
It's a great app my friend in Kazkhstan hadda earthquake today according to this app she was amazed I knew ATRIX 4G.
Very good app. Love e.q. depth on front page and e.q. details without opening browser link to usgs. Will be great with notifications..
Love this app - I think we all need to know what is going on around us. I also find it very interesting. :).
it's usefull but too bad no alert and the information is too late.... not on time..
Need alerts rest makes it a 4+ *. integration with airmail. Will make it 5*+.
Used. This today. My kids said there was a quake last nite. Didn't believe them, went to this app. Sure enough it posted one. Good app with good info..
Thanks for the notifications now!!!! And btw you are awesome when responding to emails.
Le daria las 5 estrellas pero por alguna razon no puedo subir las noticias a mi facebook., seguire intentandolo.....
I like it, try it...AWESOME FREE APP - HTC Incredible.
Why does it take so long to update, it used to take a few minutes now it takes a few hours.
This is an excellent app. Gives me up to the minute info on earthquakes around the world..
Pretty good, thumb up ! All i know in Bible said (( Matthew 24:7-9)) different place happens....
Great app. Smothe graphics, easy to use and a good amount of options and filters without being overwhelming..
V. Good. I look forward to your continued improved features. More realtime data gives more safety..
Does everything it should kids always checking it now..
I like it. It would be perfect if it has alert and lazy load database..
Love it so interesting to know what's going on just wish I could change the depth from meters to miles.
Fantastic! Will give 5 stars when push notifications and greater Richter filters become available..
Great look and feel. Has all the features of other apps except embedded shake map but has links to USGS. Keeping this one..
Excellent. Needs an alarm for big earthquakes.
SHOULD'VE AN ALARM FOR ALERTS.
Too good of an app. I live in Northern California, Bay Area. The Hayward fault is right up the road. It's good to see what's going on..
Absolutely fantastic, can't wait for the push notification.
It would be cool if the phone would vibrate based on a magnitude setting and display a notification.
Kept me updated with Japan and Northern and south America just need to be more accurate world wide.
Very cool app. Works great on galaxy tab..
Works great on vibrant. Does what it says it does.
Be 5* if it had alert notifications x Samsung i9000.
Needs sound/ALERT.
Great app if only we can set up notification alert would be perfect.
Muy buena apps..
I like it!.
Does not tell me when quake happens? Maybe its me.
Very well put together, easy to use, great filters, I feel up to date already.
the miles and kilometers don't change it just stays on kilometers..
Works just great!! Samsung tablet.
It meets all my expectations for this app. If you want a reliable source this is it..
Would love the ability to to receive alerts too. Otherwise I really like this app..
Waring for upcoming grade features ... this app need alarm and used no ring tone, real alarm of my phone.
Love it but with the notification symbol in white, its hard to see...
The map very buggy when zoomed in.
I love this app, it's exactly what I wanted, to be able to see what's going on near me..
This app is the best especially foe people who live on coastal areas thanks for this awesome app.
This is Awesome, great job!!.
Most useful for alert. When you feel something funny below your feet just check out here. Thank you..
This app rocks! Evo.
Living in Greenbrier,Ar. this application has become my most used application Great..
Love this app... Easy to use, good info & map. Like the filters too.
Great app. Like the setting options. I REALLY would like notifications. :) --> 5*s!! -droid.
Absolutely brilliant! Galaxy s.
Mi solaridad con Japn,God bless all Good app!.
Does everything it says on the tin..
This isnt anexcellent app.
Make there be a lil notification icon in the top bar on the screen please.
Great app. Wish there was a way to export a map view as an image..
Fast, accurate, developer responds quickly. Great job!.
Very easy and simple to use. I like the usgs direct link..
Awsome app! Good work. I love the map.shows your exact location and where the epicenter was. Good work man. :-).
Love this app! Easy to use and navigate through the options..
This one of the best app.
Needs notification setting.
Wow best one ever really easy the map is nice.
Great app..works well on my HTC Evo...no issues.
Fun to use, would like better filter options..
Information updates are really fast. Great map feature. Evo.
Does everything I expect & need? Does it well & does it quickly..
Needs alert to phone when earthquake happens otherwise great..
Force-closes immediately! Won't run at all..
This is great!! Works amazingly well on my HTC ARIA :-).
Very cool. It does exactly what it says, perfectly..
I love it, very timely, very useful, thanks for a great app..
excellent app. I'm looking forward to future updates..
Keep me up to date about recent earthquake of the world.
Great app. Easy to use. Notifications soon, I hope..
Informative app. I check it daily. Filters work fine..
much better where data are available at once when needed..
Where are the alerts?.
Great app but needs audible notification..
Does everything great, alerts will be niiiccceeee.
Good app!!.
Works well..
Love it! Best one out, great map!.
It's good. Please, add a notification alert..
Great app... easy to use and great information!.
No problems! Very nice app.
Simple to use with sensible settings. Works as advertised..
Living in an earthquake zone makes this a useful tool. Thanks =).
Decent filters, region specificity would be great,NEEDS NOTIFICATIONS!.
Superb aplicaia . Give you peace of mind ..
Compared this to other apps.Very accurate and nice ui.
Works perfectly on my galaxy S!!.
Great app very accurate spot on..
Very Helpful. A must for all of us..
Osome galaxy vibrant.
Overall easy to use and clean. I would recommend to others..
Excellent! Does what it claims and user friendly interface.
Awesome! Technology never ceases to amaze me.
The best earthquake app there is.
Fast, effective, accurate & the best! evo.
Thanks for the fun, and useful app..
The shizzz.
Good, easy to use, comprehensive earthquake tracking tool..
Excellent app..
App is very useful ..great app.
Great tool for tracking on the go..
Very user friendly. No problems..
BEATS ALL OTHERS,,, BEST / widget would be nice.
This is the best earthquake app..
Works great. Very nicely done..
Works great/ samsung galaxy.
Good within 5 minutes!.
Works good! Mytouch 4g.
Thank you for the app. Very useful tool..
Needs to show shake strength.
Just got even better.
Works great with Galaxy S.
Does what it says. Great app.
Very quick to post information.
A really good app.
THIS IS GREAT!!.
this app is accurate and fast at displaying the maps.....
Simple & easy to use. Great app. Fonz.
Science on my smartphone ... nicely done.
Cool does what it say..
Needs notification!!! Great app!!.
Love it!.
Real time stats, cool..
Great, no problems.
Really good app..
Pretty neat!.
Works exactly as it says.
Very nice!.
Accurate and up-to-date!.
BIG ANGEL- GREAT APP....
Great app!.
Great app!.
Great app EVO4G!!!!.
Works very well ....thanks..
Cool app!.
Great App!.
Excellent app!.
Very good.
Love this app..
Great job.
Good app..
Interesting app..
Excellent App..
Fascinating!.
Perfect!.
Real good.
Nice app.
Just fine.
Great app..
Great app.
supper 9*******.
Wow....
Excellent!.
Super excellent!!!!!!.
morbidly brilliant.
Love it..
Works great.
Great job.
Excellent app.
Very good.
Works great.
Fast and accurate.
Good app.
Very nice.
Nice.
Samsung Galaxy S.
Tried 'em all. This is the best 'quake app. Touching the green map spots pops up details. The map scrolls fast when dragged..
Would be 5* if I could moniter all quakes instead of 3mag..
Nice, but want the ability to set an auto update frequency. Manually is no fun..
Would like more date options and maybe a widget that shows alerts within x# of miles from my location..
I wish this app. Would text you when there has been a quake of 5 or more..
No nonsense info. Simple but informative. Would give 5 Stars if real time notification is added on..
sort quakes by size would be nice, also all worldwide quakes.
Clean, easy to use interface. No bugs detected thus far. Does what it says it does. Nice application..
Got a recent quake here in San Pablo, CA and I monitored it from work..
Very cool app. I love being able to switch from the list and map tabs..
Really like having this ap in my pocket. Very handy..
works great . Waiting for world wide alerts. Sprint EVO.
Works great on Droid 2..
Cool app... Motorola Droid 1.
There are way better.
Simple and easy to use.
Ok app..
Great app. Waiting for it to be worldwide!.
Great app...could be better.
Really nice app. Very simple UI but nice..
This app no longer works as of this last year (2019). Bummer. It had been the bsst. Living in Alaska with continuous earthquakes, this is my go-to app and I recommend it to all of my friends and co-workers/clients. Love the links to USG so I can report quakes I've felt. Also love that I can filter quakes by magnitude and distance. You guys did a great job on this. I commend you..
If Google Earth could give me live articles directly without having to go to the Earth gallery, id be happy. This app fulfils that requirement, live updates and quake news plus a map and it runs smoothly. If you're interested in geology or your near a prone area, this is  the app you need..
App is dependable and works well. Seldom has any problems. A milage scale 
would be nice. The news section is weak; it makes no attempt to prioritize 
any of the articles. You will find articles with titles such as: 
"Restaurant reviewer says Domino's new pizza was like an earthquake in my 
mouth.".
I thought it was a pretty good app until I figured out that I needed to be connected via wifi for it to even work. That sucks. I had to uninstall the app because of it too. not very handy when you're out and about.
This won't give you instant alerts of the earthquake you just felt. To get alerts you need to install a different addon app, and the free version could take up to 1.5 hr to alert you (it claims the paid version is faster)..
Nice looking app. But with it looking like it hasn't been updated in a while I'm going to hold off on purchasing the paid version. That plus the reviews of the paid version saying how it's not evening working makes it so I'm going to try other apps..
A very superior Earthquake app. I can honestly say after 3 years of excellent consistency and reliability it really paid off in this last 7.0 Earthquake here in Alaska. Allowed us to track the extent of the aftershocks and location..
Loved the app, then the ads came and came and came.  It became unbearable to read any news articles, between the in-app ads and the article based ads there wasn't much actual text from the real article to read.  There was even an ugly scrolling ad..
Limited app. Be nice if it had email notifications w/out having to DL another app. Just not what I thought it could be & living in Los Angeles I need a better app than this..
1.)You have to download an additional app from them to get notifications of an earthquake. 2.) If you choose to install the FREE version of the 2nd app, it says it could take 1 1/2 hours to be notified of an earthquake. 3.) It would not complete my registration of the 2nd app. Constant error- unable to connect. Useless waste of time!.
I tried the free version and although it wasn't like Meier's 'Earthquake' (the one I used until it started hanging), I ordered Alerter Pro, but that didn't give me what I wanted. Was going to get a refund, but my battery crapped out at just the wrong time :( Question is, do I need both Earthquake alert and the Pro version to see the maps?.
I've tested others, this one is:           easy to use and has an adjustable map scale. ..clear notices... updates are quick...                                                      I would like to see a full range of  disasters in one app that includes: earthquakes,  tornados, tsunamis,  volcanic activity, outbreaks, civil unrest hot spots...just to name a few.
I hope you'll be able to notice my sent email entitled "desperate request". I just badly needed for study..
Last few days no proper updates of the earthquakes in Nepal. Too low performance in this part.. Adjust the defaults....
Download free filter (market link in "setup") to have your mobile device go off to alert you of any earthquake set at your desired n2k magnitude. Great app for Californian's!.
It does not warn you and it has no action or you can not find my state.
I just wanted to try it out, now I can't get it to uninstall from my device..
Being lived in Southern California my whole life and not far from the San Andres Fault, I love keeping track of all nearby earthquakes and being able to see how big the magnitude of an earthquake is after I feel it! Thanks!.
Love the app. I like geology and I like to follow quakes.  Links to stories on big ones, maps, quake detail.  All good..
In nepal, lot of.earthquakes are felt but this app simply doesnot give all of those earthquake..
I have used this app for years! Has never failed in any way shape or form! 
It's a fun app for nerds and oftentimes alerts to Major Quakes show up 
sooner here then in the news!.
It didn't give fast info about the latest quake..
This has been a great app to keep up on current quakes. Slight problem updating, but reinstall works..
Filters don't work. Notifies to late after the fact. Notifications would be nice. I uninstalled for another app.
Much better then the other non working earthquake apps... This one actually works and notifies. ... hi 5 doubled to the devs. .. You rock sir!!.
This app helps from earthquakes so I think helps to us from rescue.
i like this app, its very informing.. i dread the large quake were supposedly due for here in the pacific nw.
Alerts are very late on this app. Waste of time. Deleting as found a better app.
Being that. I did in fact gave this app a low mark is mainly because of the support. It sucks! I'm not far from the Napa area and the ground has been moving from Sunday morning and just about all week so far. So I removed the app so don't waste your time if support don't respond and they want money with bad support wow..
Wow, it downloads quickly (and uninstalls quickly, too) but I tried to open the app and it just sits there spinning the loading logo..
Doesn't show all the quakes that actually took place and is too slow on updates..
Doesn't save settings. Google earthquakes and you will find more up to date information..
Great app no problems at all...also easy to use...great tool to keep in touch with the situation in your area...always a good thing to be prepared ...soon ...people ...look at the weather around ... a must have app.. to stay safe.. You guys are amazing ..fast..and .really easy to use.. ..thank you.....
Iam gonna die.
Would be nice to have a local and worldwide option at same time.   Is there Assn alert sound volume? I missed it..
The alerts take up to 25 min after a quake happens and the app takes a very long time to load or it will just freeze altogether. If they get this fixed I will try it again. I guess it depends on what device you have..
This is a very stupid app it is just a waste of time in india thousands of people will surely download this app but guyes and gals let me tell u this app is of no use allllll the informations r totally wrong such a foolish app i hv never seen don't download it.......the one who will download this app will be in a bind.The one who r writting superb awesome n all bullshit their head r gone into bird now they hv becomed bird brained.
There was an earthquke and it dint work and my 4 cats and 2 dogs and 1 parrot died.
In Nepal 7.6 magnitude hit earthquake and 7.3 destroyed our nights guess what this app has helped us so much and made us alert.
Perfect for US but for EU if your searching for low earthquakes then there is room for improvement...plus, adding alerts means downloading another app. Overall OK..
I don't know about dis app m installing it right now...but my hope is DAT it shud NVR b useful to me or us bcz I never want earthquake to come back.
Good app to have when it does  happen..
Nicely put together. Good server response times even in remote.location. Like to see an actual alert sent to SMS from App notification..
Not even one *  for it to work u need alerter. Alerter wants access to ur accounts. Why. Beware unless u want to share them with this scum..
I havent tested it already..but my country has been hit with M7.9 ...and it will help me to notify further.
just experienced a7.9 earthq here inthe philipns about 4 hrs ago. and its not in the latest earthq list. uninstall.
I would like to filter alerts based on certain locations, instead of my current position. My parents live in earthquake prone area and I don't. But the app doesn't allow that..
It says it doesnt know my location and i turned gps on but it still doesnt know it i expect these apps to do these things on there own...
Does not update live. Cannot select data source. This makes it not useful, at least at my location.
Limited results. I tried others and Earthquakes has a better range of results and uses more databases. This is ok if it covers your area - it didn't show results for mine..
Update caused the details portion of the app to stop working. Had this app 
a very long time and now only disappointment..
This app is totally cool first I did not know why this was created but after few months I realised that this app alerts u before earthquacks this is outstanding yo.
Just down loaded it on my G5 and it has force quit 4 times.  Uninstaller it..
Hundreds of earthquakes in Oklahoma already this year. Your app shows none of them. These are all 2.0 and above..
Having earthquakes NOW where i am in cali doesn't update fast enough..
We had an earthquake in Canada (4.0) today and it was not recorded. Uninstalled app..
Almost all italian earthquakes', listed by ISGN, aren't in the list, so worldwide it's absolutely not correct.
BUT CAN IT BE MORE ADVANCE??? LIKE TELLS U THE QUAKE 5 MIN. B4 IT HAPPEN???.
It's an excellent application ... very useful & increase general knowledge.
I like it this apps but i am looking before quake happen.
Many earthquakes in south asian region is still not being shown.....
It alarts after 30 minite tater.
Didn't show the Yellowstone quake this morning. Obviously has issues..
its didn't even gave alert after 10 min of earthquake... it is main function of this app and it doesn't work.
Love this app. Very quick to let you know when there is an earthquake. We 
live in Southern California and this app let's you know if your imagination 
is running wild . . . or not!.
This is very bad it doesn't get download and if it download it doesn't work..
Way too many hoops to jump through just to get quake notifications. No thanks....
Absolutely a must have it is accurate and give you a multitude of earthquakes in areas around the world do not go without this app it is a must have.
I don't get it ps(I'm 4) and this is my phone I promise.
It does not know where I am..
Makes me stress  but i wanna know.
The UI is terrible and slow as hell..
This is app is best but it stopped to Update of current 2015 aftershock erathquake alert of Nepal. I am uninstalling this because i am from Nepal..
Today only there was quake but didn't display..
This app alerted me that the earthquake come.
Had it on my galaxy s and work great... thank you for having this app. I Just like to know what's happening around are world....
It wont give the eartquake of nepal -.-".
If danger will come it help.
Aaj delhi ncr me bhukamp aaya. Isne mujhe iski suchna di par meri kisine baat hi nhi maani.
Good monitoring application,very informative and correct data , hope someday we get early warnings application for earthquakes.
I cant open it....fix it pls..it seems to be useful..
Ya it is vry  useful becse it gives many details  about earthquake..Nice .
Australia just had an earthquake and it's not shown.
when I needed the most. Just spun and spun..
La actualizacin de la informacin es muy tarda para mi. Las notificaciones de alerta de eventos nunca me han funcionado..
I live in earthquake country, this is helpful keeping track of local quakes..
It quit working properly so I got rid of it. It would never show the quake info after a quake in our area happened..
I think its work well...bcoz I'm using it first time. ....
Some state and places can't display......
It takes 1 hour to install an in Nepal 7.9 rectar earthquake it did not alert us.
We just had an earthquake 30 minutes ago, and this app tells me exactly where it was..
the only app you will ever need for real time minute to mintue earthquake monitoring/alarm..
I love it, but I unistalled it. You could let us know ahead of time if the alert is incompatable with our phones..
Timing Of Alert Late By Earthquakes.
Can't believe people charge for access to urgent alerting systems designed to save human life...
Jo ki aane bale hat eke khatre ki Jankari deta hai hame                  I like him.
Useful handy app to have on any mobile device.
Our state just hit by an earthquake I think this might be helpfull...but im gonna try this#sabahan.
Not working today, must be away for Spring Break.
Liberal, full of bovine excrement.
This time we have a eq 4.2 doesn't alarm to us.
This thing good too have just felt a 4.5 here in Whittier. CA.
It doesnt download.
Too many ads. Interrupts reading..
If you could put the exact real time alerter then it would be pro-typed app..
Slow to update, as an emergency responder I need an app that provides timely information..
Great info doesn't run phone battery down I love that part.
Very good app gives quake alerts without any other junk, for the quake 
range you choose to set.
This app is new to me so I will get it a shot..
No longer opens, therefore I've uninstalled..
Cool app I've a curious mind so thank you.
Work great very fast accurate.
thanks for keeping us informed... i just wish the update was faster.
Informative about earthquakes near you and around the world. I'm pleased with the app. Keeps the updates coming..
It takes a lot of storage could not download new apps.
IS NOT WORKING ANYMORE.
Many of nepals quake reports is not shown worst app for my region.
Measures in miles and couldn't find way to change it.  Removing to try alternatives..
It is not showing Indian sight.Please update indian sight.
I don't want to install a second app just to get alerts..
I love the filters and that I can change the notification sounds. I have 
used this app for a couple of years now and I have not tired of it..
I had a eartquake now but this appli showd nothing,funny.
The ocean is the back yard got the bay in front got to keep up to date on activities.
This app will make all other apps quake in their boots..
I only wish if the time from the earthquake to alert is sooner.
How do i change time zone? I want it to be PST.
No supported iran..
Is not working for me when needed here in Nepal..
C'mon developers Remove or Decrease Ads. It really ruins the experience of Using it......
Some people are just dumb, it's call change the setting....
Very bad.
Et.
A good predictor.
Dattatraya, .
It shows all levels of quakes, good for the Pacific NW..
It won't download please fix I need this app asap.
It just works. Simple and tells me almost instantly what just happened..
Very up to date info. Great app.
Earthquake right now..
Gives Slow update..
Good.. fast... worldwide alert and can filter results to a smaller area.. well done.
Used to be great app, now they either don't update earthquakes and update very late.
How could you forget Canada!.
On DROID 2 runs very well.  Good functionality.  Recommend this app..
I think, Its helpful our environmental problem.....
It does what I want for the purpose it claims to serve..
Does it all. Easy to use. Looks great..
Very well but some time it's slow.
If you dig trippin on Eartquakes... Here's the place to do it..
Boom.
How does it work where greatest scientists failed to predict?.
Nice!.
It doesn't show current information..
It is downloading so I can't say how it is.
Neat app but have to keep GPS on for "near me" filter to apply..
Awesome very easy to use, and be notified  where earthquakes have happened..
Is the only words that I can say to the developer of this excellent app.
Great! This app! Loved it! :)             prayforsabah myplace earthquakes malaysia&anyplace :).
Helps me track haarp quakes..
I like this app.
Didnt find what im looking for.
Muchas gracias muy buena apps.
I see lots of nepali!!.
Bhukanp ke vakt sarvsreshth app.
Very accurate, Very important app, is a must have, easy to use, simple, yet 
Excellent, keep the good work..
Thanks.
Safety needed thanks.
Gud tu kno abt earthquake.
It is real earthquake alert app.
Need this that I'm new to LA.
How do I delete this app. Description?.
Not to be taken seriously. ZERO accuracy..
Find.
This is super application and super software.
Samsung galaxy tab 3 neo ..
So in so not cool at all.
I installed another app. Much happier with other app.
Very user-friendly. Accurate information and somewhat quick. Solid app!.
Seems very accurate.  That's all you can ask for..
It shows me the earthquake closest to me..
this app what we need it .. pray for sabah.
Its not useful.
Very bad app.
Best and most accurate radar. Never had any issues. Been using for years..
Great app and it keeps you on top of what's going on in the world..
Thanks i'm from tuaran sabah.
My son showed me one off these apps pretty tight.
I can now use this app to find out the newest earthquake s.
Some bugs fix please other wise the appbis favulous.
Alert me before earthquake..
Very needful.
Its ok.
its ok.
Its real maping.
This is resl plz say.
Agree with ritika rana.
Today I get help by this apps...
Earthquake.
love him whose idea was this bcaz its reall!nice app.
Could not be faster.
Can not down load it..
Not much helpful.
That is not good.
This would be a five star if it had a widget. Great job..
Earth Quake Aler.
Doesn't work for New Zealand, uninstalled..
Very effective . Bravo!!.
Josh, Thank you..
Jyoti is one if my favourite gf..
This app is awesome, I'd refer this app to everyone..
So good.
It wouldn't load!.
Kept me up to date with the current happenings..
To save some life this app is very good for the avairness.
Very useful and important application. Im in southern California and recommend it..
Works cool planning buy  the pro version excellent work.
Just installed and this app is pretty cool. The map is easy to read..
Really good free app. Easy to use and understand. Thank you..
Samsung galaxy mega 5.8.
It is so helpful which makes us very careful ..
Nyc appppp .. must use.
Larger font sizes much appreciated..
This helps us..
Great app for info on current earthquakes.
I love it there will be a big tsunami un Washington.
Didn't work.
So I could know when an earthquake is coming thank you.
Very impantent app.
App.
Wow.
Not for outside US.
Ashok ziradei siwan.
download the appnow.
Would not download.
Healp ful.
Merisi.
Bal er appp.
I NEED IT.
Current Info Sources.
To all.
Very use full.
its ok.
I looked.
This is an ideal world system..
Living in an earthquake country essential app . Great concept.
This is a wonderful application works very well..
Use full and must have everyone..
Now I'll know when the big one hits.
Theek Thaak hai.
Its so cool and fast ..
I hope it works...
I love this app..
Detected a magnitude 2.1.
Still the best app I've downloaded and accurate!.
Quake info faster than media can report.
I give 5 star after removing adds.
Truly the ONE who knows about it 2016.
Very useful app give perfect record.
A simple tool but very useful.
All worlds person save by apps.
When need it it helps me lot.
It is good as we get information from latest earthquake.
It's great just wish it was more then a three seconds warning..
Great app for seach your area...
Not bad bought the add on pro version!.
good information!.
Gives you the exact information you need and more!.
Easy to use and Lots of useful information available..
Notified me about 7.8 Nepal earthquake earlier.
NOT WORKING..
Mareko.murdar..ajai.mar.
It is really helping apps..
Best earthquake app so far. Best detail and data..
It's early told us that what to do.
Great app.  Keep up the good work..
My city darbhanga hitted by an earthquake on 28/april/2015.
It's a good app you shoulf get it.
It's works.
Great live near earthquake area.
It is good app it is helpful.
downaload to get fresh  information of world.
Use fuel app thanks again.
I love This.
Its best app in world.
Very helpful to country nepal thank u.
I LOVE THIS APP.
This is a great app.
Gives description...of all earthquake all around...good app...
subodh nice app  i love  babita.
Like app so good vark.
Not bad but very good..
just what i was looking for  thank you.
The best app for earthquake monitoring!.
This is the king app.
Its ..,no words.
I find it very reliable!.
I wanna know is this real??? Can someone tell me.
Works great. Love it..
Application is very useful to me..... Very responsive.
I like this app..very smart ...
No idea how to work but excellent.
It is very good aap.
yeah works fine good app.
Its too good for information.
this aap is very helpful.
Nice app really helpful.
Thanks it is useful in Nepal in this case.
its helpful APP Lovely India.
there is not available.
Nothing like anything.
I love this app.
Keep up the good work.
I try if its good.
Good luck with all.
Wow it is helpful to us.
Very good app for alert by earthqua.
Love this app keeps me track.
Would be better with no adds S.
Accurate and fast! I like it.
Good job!.
Bsf.
Ok.
Do an bl.
Hu.
live saver.
gud app.
Cel.
Thanks.
 .
Yes new.
Thanks boss.
Anuraj.
G.
B.
Earthquake Tracker.
Wah.
Sunil Yadav.
magura.
just for support.
Well.
nepal.
Why.
Alert.
Virat kohli.
Thankfully app.
Katirektor.
Watch.
Ialah.
K.
U.p.
Namgay.
Ok.
not downloaded.
Thik thikai.
It works.
lol app.
Keeps stopping.
wrost application.
Please download this apps now.
Good app in less mb.
I love it.it is useful..
Thanx Josh for respecting it on this app!!! Well done!.
100% Right.
Nice apps, loved it.
It's Quiet good..
Excellent App. Very Informative.
Veer army.
I've really enjoy this app.
Goof apps.
Bad apps.
B.
eh.
It's very important for us.
Not work.
Not work.
I love the app..
i like yhis aps..
#from_nepal.
It,so really good.
Que pendeja "berry helpfull?.
May Allah safe us..
Does it work while lockscreen?.
Good, reliable and informative..
This is amazing!.
Great Application!.
Awesome app.
It's very useful!.
Not bad.
Good.
Its necessary in nepal.
Thanx for adding nepal.
5 star.
Thank u it is helpful for me.
No comment requier.
Very very good apps.
Thanks for this good application.
Very informative.
Totally awesome.
Very nice app.
So helpful.
Exellent veryyy nice.
Go.
Very helpful.
Very helpful apps it.
Great app with Accurate alerts.
Thank you so much.
Awesome app.. very helpful.
I AM SO FANTASTIC.
This app is good.
Updated fast.
Best app for  natural alert.
Best earthquake app.
Good yr i m from nepal.
Good 4 us.
Useful application.
Very useful Aps.
Nice safety apps.
Its very good App.
I love this app.
That is great.
5*.
Like  .
Cool app!.
oh!very nice.
Nice app..very helpful.
Good app.
Life saving app.
Was the best. Past tense..
Earthquart.
Best app i ever u.
It was help of earthquake.
I am a gay, please come and get fu*k me .
Better..
so so..
I just love.....    It.
Awesome..
lifesaving app..
It's a great app.
Great i liked it..
INDIA'S BEST APP.
Know what is happening ...
Nice but update late ....
It's great..
It's a best app.
berry helpful.
Easy open..
It's good.
this app is helping... ^_^.
Where is New Zealand ??????.
Awesome!.
Nice & helpful..
Works great!.
Excellent information!.
Great App!!.
To good app.
Very nice app.
Great app.
Really great apps.
Muaaahhh.
Awesome App.
Really nice app.
Best.
Love it.
Very useful app.
Wonderful app.
Very good.
Not bad.
Best Earthquake alert.
Nice.
God bless u.
I love this app.
Nice app.
Quick quick.
Its a good app.
This is a nice app.
Nice average.
Very helpful.
Its so helpfull.
social app.
Ilove it so useful.
Jhakkaaaaaasss.
Thank you.
Its work.
Love It.
Ok aap.
Nice apps.
Very good.
Hh.
I love it.
Awesome.
Awesome.
Good.
I Like it.
Excellent app.
Very good App.
This good work.
great.
Good app.
Needs lots of space.
I liked it.
Ilove this app.
Rad app.
Great little app.
I like it.
Hello earthquake.
GOOD APP.
Very  nice load it.
very Gooooood.
Like this app for useful.
Useful app.
This is very important.
Very good apps.
Nice app.
Informative.
Accurate!.
hope to be helpfull !!.
?.
Excellent applications..
very useful and informative.
Good and keep it up.
Superb app.
Sandhu.......@.
Excellent and accurate..
Good.
bdj.
Ok.
Yes.
Going.
Arshad.
Nepal.
Yeah.
Earthquake.
YES.
Gud.
Ok.
Gud.
Yt.
Gud.
Like this.
Thanks.
OK.
wow.
Tq.
Dab.
earth.
Thanks.
Earth.
Save.
New.
Sadu.
Pramod.
2much.
Ankit.
Grate.
faltu.
Lovedit.
Gd.
Shake.
Ok.
Nice once. ...
Gl.
Wow.
Ok.
Okay.
Very informative..
Great app .
Good apps..
Thanks.
grt.
.
I love it..
OK.
Love it :).
Gd.
great app..
Love it.
Love it.
Good app..
Aap..
It's good.
Great....
excellent app...
Good!.
good enough...
perfect!.
:-).
Interesting!.
Bad.
*****.
cool! :) :) :) :) :).
Good....
love it!!!.
.
.
Great app.
Nice.
Good.
Its helpful.
Great app.
so helpful.
Good and helpful.
Good app.
I love it.
Very informative.
Great app.
Good.
Very usefull.
Its cool.
Nice apps.
Its cool.
Nice one.
Very good.
Nice app.
Good.
Hi.
Its good.
most useful.
Best app.
Awesome.
Loved It.
good.
T.
just good.
Ok.
Lovely.
Very good.
Best app.
Nice app.
Love it waw.
well.
Good aop.
Cool.
Good.
It is cool.
Good app.
Awesome.
Great app.
Nice app.
Useful.
Best.
Nice.
Good app.
Great app.
very good.
Wow.
Nice app.
Ok.
love it.
Nice.
So usefull.
Good.
Nice app.
Good.
very good.
Yar.
Awesome app.
Good.
Love it.
Yes this is best.
Nice one.
Fatafati.
Nice.
good.
Nice.
Great work.
So helpful.
Good.
Good.
Great app.
Nice apps.
Nice.
Good atempt.
Best app.
it is best app.
Looking good.
Good.
graj.
Awesome app.
Nice.
Useful app.
Nice app.
Really nice.
Nice app.
Very nice.
Good application.
Love it.
Best.
Fine.
This is awesome.
nice.
Good app.
Nice app.
Awesome.
Nice app.
Very good.
Nice.
Nice app.
Very informative.
so cool.
this is good app.
Best app.
good info.
Good App.
almost perfect.
I enjoy it.
Its good.
Nice app.
Like.
nice.
Awesome.
Good.
Good job.
Good.
Nice.
Very informative.
Good info.
Excellent job.
Love IT.
good yes.
great app.
great app.
very useful.
good app.
Excellent app.
Very helpful.
Not bad.
Kinda cool.
Excellent service.
Excellence app.
Fake.
Its Amazing... .
Hit.
Trash.
Crashes.
Great the best of the best.
good work.
Nice app.
Awesomeness..
Brilliant..
Liked it..
slow.
love it..
Love.
excellent.
.
excellent.
Good.
Good.
Like....very...... good.
....
Useful.
.
Exelent.
Good.
Great.
Good.
Fine.
GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOD.
Nice.
Good.
Love it.
Nice.
Best.
Good.
Goooood.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Nice.
Good.
Best.
Awsome.
Awesome.
good.
Useful.
Love it.
Nice.
Loved it.
Good.
Good.
Liked it.
Nice.
Nice.
nice.
Nice.
Great.
Love it.
Nice.
Good.
Nice.
perfect.
Loved it.
Nice.
Good.
Good.
Good.
UNBELIEVABLE.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Cool.
Great.
Love it.
Cool.
Excellent.
Perfect.
Good.
Good.
great.
Good.
Awesome.
Love it.
Useful.
Superb.
Cool.
best.
Great.
Nice.
Good.
Great.
nice.
excellent.
Love it.
Nice.
Useful.
Good.
Nice.
Informative.
Love it.
Best.
good.
good.
Good.
Good.
Nice.
Good.
awesome.
Good.
good.
Good.
Great.
Good.
love it.
love it.
good.
Awesome.
Excellent.
Interesting.
Great.
Excellent.
Good.
Lovely.
Good.
Good.
Best.
Love it.
Nice.
Nice.
Cool.
good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Great.
Good.
Good.
This has become my favorite earthquake app...much better than those put out by USGS and EMSC for sure. Addendum: still loving the app, but because I can't select for depth regardless of magnitude, I'm finding I am going to have to download another app that does have that particular feature/capacity. Might that be a future upgrade? Or, if I already can do it and blondly missed same, please tell me how. Thanks for the fine app too..
Really like this app. It thinks the way I do. Especially like the earthquake historical archive. And the ability to set up alternate locations. For example, I'm interested in the New Madrid fault zone but I don't live anywhere near it. I can set it up to monitor my own location AND the New Madrid zone. I've used several other apps and they all frustrate me, but this one is easy to customize, friendly, and very flexible. Ads are not intrusive but the Ad free version upgrade is well worth it..
The one improvement would be satelite view of volcano + earthquake locations. I'm adding an adendum. I have been using this app with no problems.
They fixed the problem so i give it a 5/5 it is excellent and pools all data worldwide. An easy to use info app about earthquakes worldwide that fits in the palm of your hand. LOVE IT and the developers as well.
I am disappointed and cannot trust it to work as intended. I will be uninstalling. I used the app for a few months and was willing to overlook some of the bugs but this morning there was an earthquake (the epicenter is only 6 miles from me) and I did not receive the notification until over 90 minutes later and I have not received any notifications for the many aftershocks (42 so far)..
This is a great app. 2 birds, 1 stone: volcanoes & quakes. Everyone should have this. Great setting availability..
This great app has stopped working! I get an alert and when I open it, the app simply closes. Considering a reinstall..
I enjoy this app, but I've noticed you can no longer click on the photos and satellite images and have them expand. Why is this?.
A great app and it may be the only one to show volcanoes. (Map settings are a bit of a mystery to me.).
Great app but paid version still showing ads. Will revise review once issue is resolved..
This app is really interesting. Even though they are dangerous and life threatening (I respect that) I do find earthquakes and volcanoes fascinating. The app is really well managed and a great educational tool. Thoroughly recommended!.
Information provided is really good! The Design UI / UX is really bad , look so old ....
Upon loading up the app a window appears giving you the choice to receive or not to receive notifications. I'm glad that there's this option. Information is to the point. Thank you!..
Best app ever! Hope this app can develop early warning system for earthquake and volcanos before the impact on current location.
It's pretty good but it doesn't let you go back to look deeper into the volcano or earthquake and let you know if they are related..
I got an upgrade on earthquake volcano and the app is not working now when you click on it it closes.
It used to work fine but since the last update it freezes up all the time with no particular pattern..
Performance has gotten extremely poor lately, constantly freezing .. uninstalling.
Good App. I new before the weather channel had announced it..
Great app for earthquakes and volcanic activity in the world!.
Anyone else having problems with sound Notification ?.
Love this app. Works very well and has lots of features.
Very useful and fast, nice interface..
Great information! Very good app!.
Never a problem with the app & I enjoy the info.
Volcanoes & Earthquakes shows the latest world-wide earthquakes (or only quakes near you), as well as earthquake "I-felt-it" reports, in near real-time and active volcanoes on a map and as list, as well as volcano news from all the world. You can filter the data shown in various ways, e.g. by magnitude or age of earthquakes, the distance from your location, the status of volcanoes and so on. !*****! Write a nice 5-star review to keep the developer motivated to continue working on this app;-).
App working great again after an update. Thank u.
Wow! Very interesting & informative & live data!.
Great app! I never give ANY app 5 stars..
Unreliable. Inaccurate. Downplayed. Slow AF..
Good app, but notifications useless. They are mostly of the "diminishing activity", or "nothing happening" degree of excitement. Major events then go unnoticed amidst the geek trivia. Notifications should be for notable events. The clue is in the name..
This app is easy to use, but loads of information while I am working out how to apply some filters. It is interesting to read the "I felt it reports," and hope more people contribute to them. The alerts come within just a couple of minutes, which is perfect because trying to access info from the source sites takes time immediately following an event..
Needs more work on the program..
Was just fine for years. Now when I click the map in earthquake feed the app stops. Was 5 stars until now.
Decent app, needs more filters/customization. Most of us only want to see data from our area within a short distance. We don't just want to filter by region, we want to filter by state or radius. Yes you can add an area for notifications but you still have to look at all data when you open the app. I only want to see data within 200 miles max when I open the app. Not stuff from way out of state..
This is a 5-Star app - IF you pay for it. The free version does not provide nuanced info such as earthquakes below 4.0. For those able to pay, this is a pretty good app. Takes some getting used to, a few of the 'Settings' are a bit confusing, etc. But otherwise this app has a great deal of info. Paid version could be useful to those watchers in the Cascadia Event region..
Everything you need to know about volcanoes and earthquakes worldwide. Only gripe is that I'm not a fan of the sliders to set distances. I liked being able to input specific distances and tune the notification areas from the maps. What makes me happy is that I can set a custom tone for notifications, currently the Godzilla roar....
Volcanoes & Earthquakes is the perfect well thought-out and implemented app, with everything I need. Even in the free version, set your own thresholds, get lists of all quakes, those near you, and near volcanos. Also, different types of maps, news, sorting capabilities, and a large frequently updated DB. More, with no advertising, in the pro version. Great gustomer service  I suggested an addition; the creator got back to me, quickly, saying it would be in a subsequent update..
I am lost of words but infact so surprised to find this app really up to date. In the last 2 hours we had 4 earthquakes in Iraq and the locations pop up was updated in minutes. Great job on the app...... hats off to you and for those who don't have this app, I don't know what you guys are still waiting for. Just try it out..
Love the app would give it a 5 star except the app is oh so very, very slow to load the maps, its takes around five minutes to get a map to focus, then another 4 or 5 minutes each time i zoom in, most of the time i just give up. Great on reporting earthquakes and volvanos tho. Fix the issue i have and i well gradly rate it a 10 if i could..
I do wish there were some more definitive stats, like how many earthquakes in the last 24 hrs, this week, this month, etc. I upgraded the app in hopes that this feature would be there. Great app though Just one other thing..and not that this is an app issue, but after I upgraded about an hour ago.. I have received 3 phone calls from a France number, I live in the US, it rings once and they hang up. I searched and found that this is a scam. Not the apps fault..I'm sure its google's fault!.
Can there maybe be a shortlist of earthquakes that have been reported on?.
This very informative APP is in my opinion, Flawless!! I am a 64yr old disabled veteran with alot of time on my hands so although my physical state has several issues I can still Exercise my so-called mind !! Every day I monitor and check All earthquakes (usually 3.5 or higher mag.) and volcano activity (as best as I can) that I've requested notifications on thru your very Informative and Educational APP!! I love the study of Geology and your APP is the perfect tool for me!!.
Generally a good app but as with all similar apps it fails miserably when it comes to reporting ANYTHING related to Australian earthquakes. A prime example was its failure to report or map a 3.9 in the Coral Sea near Mackay Queensland at about 0510 on Saturday 19 January that was clearly felt by the population in a region from Airlie Beach to Mackay. This is NOT the first time an Australian earthquake has not been reported. Why? Di tges spps think Australia doesn't exist?.
Not bad app. went to upgrade to pro version,,,,until I saw the price. Sorry guys, with all the info a click away, USGS and the likes, there is no way I would pay that much. I buy allot of apps and most dont even cost that much. A couple bucks, ok, but, I'm never paying that much for info freely on the internet, sorry, great free app though. you would get allot more pro with cheaper price though.
I have used this app for about a year, it seemed to be working fine, but yesterday we had a local earthquake in the Uk and this has still not appeared in this app. will leave the app installed to see if it eventually picks up on the local earthquake. I have noted that small earthquakes are not appearing either for other areas even though the filtering has been set to show all earthquakes. Checking for updates today and I am informed there is one, but it is not being installed..
Smutty advert. Cleaner advertising management!.
same app on 2 phones in same room, both android, showing different data for same quake we just felt but data came 10 min after the quake. maybe decent for quake enthusiasts for fun but not practical for warning information or tsunami alert. our apps showed different magnitude, different locations, different depth and different distances..
One of the best volcano earthquake apps I have seen so far. Particularly like the zoom in for vision impaired. Alert notifications are awesome as it is on the free version. So much more info on dormant active hot erupting volcanos. This Aussie thanks the team for their development and this app should be standard on all smartfones pre-installed. Thankyou for a brilliant app. Kudos to the team..
Great app..!! real time & keep the report updated 24 hour/365 days..every single people in the country with active volcanoes & earthquake must install this app..really helpful & keep educate people about the earthquake/volcanoes activities. People will be more alert & can make a preparation to save their life early when receiving report about any dangerous situation or abnormal activities..
great app except when set to silent/vibrate only it continues to sound alert. Had to uninstall because of this. 23/02/19. Since the update and fix on the notifications the app is working perfectly. Hence happy to amend my review. Definitely the most detailed earthquake/volcano app available..
This would be a perfect app if I could just get the notifications. I used to get them but they stopped coming. I've tried multiple times on the app itself, and also on my phone notifications settings, but they still don't come. I got aggravated enough that I deleted the app..
This is a really good excellent app. It keeps you informed on all the earthquakes and volcanoes erupting all around the world. You also have the option to get alerts on earthquakes as they happen go to the settings on the app and set it up. I've had this app for quite some time and I highly recommend it..
Still having notification problems, some days it seems to be fine and on other days i get no motifications..
Isn't updating and hasn't shown recent volcano updates for months. I've done every update, etc still not working. Absolutley loved this app but just can not get it to work properly any more. A swarm of 3 400 earth tremors in Iceland and not one showing on the map despite settings to show All magnitudes .
I actually thought this app was a goernment run outfit but I just read otherwise from the developer's section. So no gov slush fund to play with. You have done an exceptional job with this app. It has everything. I love it.Very impressed with the quality and content for an NGO..
I love this app. With all of the earthquakes happening recently it's nice to be on top where it's happening. This app is obviously created by a professional, it seems to work flawlessly. Great work to the author/programmer!.
I just installed the app, and it was very easy to understand the selection of the various settings to determine the information I was seeking. I am getting the data I desired immediately. Thank you for creating an informative and useful app..
The most complete and interesting quake site yet (and i tried soo many)!! So easy to use, and actually very informative. Thanks to all the folks involved in this app. we truly appreciate your hard work. LOVE THIS APP.
I love the app but I haven't been getting notification for the past few days! and have missed a few earthquakes . but apart from that everything is very good. EDIT - the new update has fixed the problem . thanks! 5 stars.
I love this app, but the notifications don't work as of the most recent update. I would rate it 5 stars except for this. UPDATED: notifications are fixed, and I've given the app 5 stars!.
Good informative app. Would have rated it a 5 if you could see the map without "I felt it" location markers. Or have a way to turn on or off..
Problem fixed...works great...awesome app.
Despite upgrading, adverts now appear on my app. Otherwise it is great. Will up rate if it's resolved. Fellow reviewers: any ideas why this is happening and what might fix it?.
Appreciate that it collects seismic data from MULTIPLE PROVIDERS. And you can click directly to get additional data.
Have used this app for a couple of years and have always found it fast and accurate. Improves all the time. However, I can't discover how to list quakes in magnitude order..
very good, map to see everything, volcanoes, earthquakes, links to tsunami warnings, customizable to whatever you need. you can have the alerts on or off. i keep my eye on Anak Krakatau and Japan.
I found this App both useful and an absolute necessity for global travelling arrangements due to the in-depth and updated flagging of both seismic and volcanic activity.This is another App I can recommend to global travellers.This is a true and honest review..
app worked perfectly until recent update where volcano notifications stopped. i get earthquake notices. on the 29th i got about 4 volcano notifications, then it stopped again. using lgv20, android 8..
Great app! would pay for premium if it were an in app purchase rather than a separate app, having a "key" app installed is a waste of space and is a lazy implementation method..
Info found to be accuarte, quick, and detailed. Earthquakes show up faster here than on other apps, and i've noticed his informs of earthquakes that other app's don't provide. I suggest this app over any other!.
Love learning more about this topic, but info is better for people using this app for more applications than me. I have a bachelor's degree, but don't understand much of the technical vocab in it. I teach soc. stud. but I'm a learner first. Currently copying and pasting words I don't know into my online glossary is challenging because of the app format. One word I checked simply meant "to erupt"...I would buy full version if there was an in-app glossary for the most frequently used terminology..
I love the maps! The presentation of all activity is clear and complete! A great, interesting and informative site!.
On my update list all the time.. why?? App is 'ok' but seems like it is on my list for pending update every other day.. I uninstalled.
Its been fixed, they redeemed themselves....
Not happy at all, most likely going to uninstall!.
Status Bar notifications stopped after last update. Test Notifications button dosen't work now in the Settings menu. Will wait for developer update before going back to Earthquakes Tracker Pro..
Great way to keep tabs on earthquakes around the world. I like the inclusion of spreading, subduction, and transverse zones..
This is the best and fastest quake reporter that I have ever seen. I report earthquakes on the youtube channel CaSeismograph and it get me quakes within a few minutes after it happens. Great app all in all..
At first this app worked great. Now the alerts are not coming through.
I love this app! Pics, vids, info, alerts. I like that a bunch of nice people run this. I love your dedication.  Earthquakes scare me!.
Very cool app. One question: app shows quakes that asked if I felt it. But it is too far away. How does it decide what I could have felt and not. Is there a manual for this app?.
too much info, I just wanted to be informed of one little tiny region in the world and this app can't do that no matter how you set the settings..what u get is a mile long list to dig thru and it's not real time.. would be great if u can pick one country and one only....
Well it does what it sees.i give it a five star.i love the app..
Has been spot on with earthquakes in my area and much faster reporting than even the local news stations. Great effort on this app..
Question. in the earthquake settings, under United States, if I leave it to all states it shows all earthquakes chronologically but if I change that to California it shows only 5.0 and above in magnitude order only. How do I get just the California quakes in chronological order? I bought the upgrade. Galaxy S7. all earthquakes is showing me a lot of quakes that are not in California I don't need those..
It shows both volcano and earth quakes. I can keep track of all geological happenings. The alarm settings are great..
It's very precise and detailed..
you need to edit location's description on M. Merapi. it is not locater on the northern part of central jaca'capital, Jogjakarta. it is located on the nothern part of SPECIAL REGION OF JOGJAKARTA. since the capital of Central Java is Semarang, then, it is to the south of semarang..
last update : notification not working. Update 9/14/19 notifications pretty much stopped. Uninstalling. It really was a very good app..
I love thoa app, very educational. The only thing that could make it better was if there was an option to show faultlines that are near or on larger quakes..
Looks okay. Except, the "Upgrade App" banner keeps refreshing and making it impossible to actually select anything..
this app is no longer responsive. an ad at the bottom of the screen flashes on and off and wont allow any app functions to be used. cant even scroll down the screen.
Quickly populates the latest quakes and volcanoes. & has greater content coverage than what I'm used to finding. All the info I want in one place!.
I think this App is wonderful, very eye opening. We take natural things like these occurrences for granted. Out of sight out of mind. Keep up the good work and God Bless us all....
Was in Bali when Lombok was hit by the earthquakes, this app allowed me to be up to date on what actually happened. Back home we only have one earthquake in a hundred years, there we had some 6-7 a day, thanks you for this app..
This is an easily used app I like keeping a check on what's going on. Great easy to use app..
Absolutely thr best app I was so excited when I saw VD had an app, thanks guys, I would even put out a few bucks for a premium version..
app does nothing but freeze up. think it is your ad to upgrade. will check back in a few months and try again..
This app is indeed useful.. it really helps me updated and notify me if there's any earthquake and volcanoes movement. I reccomend this for incredible news and updates..
Kind of annoying when you try to zoom something then it refreshes so i had to zoom it again.
Really nice and complete app. All information is linked (list entries to map positions etc).
Useful app. The best volcano and earthquake app I've ever come across. Keep it like that..
It doesn't show any volcanoes for me... I waited 15 minutes, and i have a 50Mbps connection..
Easy to use, concise and real-time notifications are useful. Keep it up..
super app! I can follow my favorite volcanos as well as keep current on the earthquake activity here on California..
False alarm, not accurate at all. Please update your data! Dont make people panic with your false alarm! Please remove any false alarm in Malaysia, our people already panic when your app showed an earthquake in our country, i will report this app to google! Done flag this app.
very informative app. large coverage of events and good response time to queries questions etc.
I chose this app because of write up. It appears to be just what I want. I will address the ratings after a while of use.
I love this app. The information it provides is straightforward. Well done..
It was awesome. Crazy to see how many Volcanos and earthquakes actually happen. Good app.
Clear and concise information. Living in the Ring of Fire it's a great app to have..
Really enjoy the app. Very interesting to to see just how many volcanoes and earthquakes are happening.
Smooth navigation and quick updates. I appreciate having breaking earthquake AND volcano activity. .
Where are the US state boundary lines? Maps without boundary lines how helpful, I love guessing about a data reference. Guess how high your App rating is....
Excellent app, lots of features and easy to use!.
none of the buttons work. ads flashing all the time. uninstalled..
A good app for volunteers such as myself when going into disaster zones. A must have.
I love this app I live near trona where the July quake happened. I downloaded it then and used it on all my devices since. .
So interesting and very detailed. Simple to understand. Love it..
I've been using this app for a couple of years now. Great app, I definately recommend it..
lots of nice stuff but far too slow and unresponsive.
Alerts don't work for me. Anybody else have this prob?.
Have been using daily for over a year. Very informative. Thanks..
Top notch app and keeps improving, best app of it's kind..
Great concept. Too bad Notification dosen't work..
Stopped getting alerts on 1/18/2019. Suck, i loved this app!.
good app! I only uninstall for a short time. I will reinstall in a few days..
Needs a better Share (as of now I snap a Screen shot and share that). Not a biggie so you get a 5 - like Volcano portion!.
Overall is good but for Indonesian region a bit late report than BMKG Indonesia. About 5 minute.
Is there a way to change the clock to a 12 hr click and show the time in the US? Had an earthquake in S. Ca and the day shows as Sat 6th and it's Friday the 5th here. I do like the app and the notifications I receive. Thank you. I'll make it 5  if u tell me how to change the time to where I live..
A couple of inappropriate ads but mostly appropriate ads.
Great app Living in California I feel this is a must have.
information is spot on. and the app includes videos of erupting volcanoes in real time...
Had no idea how often earthquakes happen or volcanoes show activity, until i got this app!.
It great seeing which volcanoes are active and the scale of the earthquake.
This is an Excellent app for reassurance that my friends and family world-wide are safe from disaster!.
the custom sound is not working anymore how can I fix this.
I dont receive notification anymore...i try every ting but still dont work.....
Very useful app gives you an upto date state vision of earthquakes round the world.
It's a great app just wrong readings for the earthquakes..
I just downloaded this app. Amazing. A keeper, and something to check every day. Thank much..
I have been sharing this to everyone! I love it! But, somehow I had it disappear o n my phone ..How do I get it back? I reinstalled! I love it! I hope I have brought others to you! .
Very accurate and lively app!! .
It's nice, but can't be moved to the sd card, therefore I'm uninstalling it..
A great real time app with lots of info.
I am very glad with this app, it let me get informed about what is happening around the world. Thank you guys, God bless you all! Excellent app! Excellent job!!! .
Love it and very fast . Is there a manual to explain the setting?.
Good notification and customization..
Very useful application! Thanks a lot..
Good app, just my tablet dosnt give it credit..
An absolute must have app as we descend into this Super Grand Solar Minimum. Thank you devs, I have no doubt your efforts will save many lives..
Fast and up to date information. A+.
Very good and very quick response to the actual event. Congrats!.
My experience very suprising it nail another to soon as I install the app.
I loved it and please add tsunami alerts..
Scary world we live in- app does a great job reporting on crises..
Dislike because screen sqeezed to small hard to see so uninstall!!!!  Booo.
very simple to use & quite informative.
app very weak, was not accurate 4 hours after an earth quake hit in my area and still no info on it, do not waste ur time with this app.
as a person who is way too into earthquakes and volcanos, this app keeps me up on all the Earths activities...awesome.
Great app,the big picture of global movement..
Looks very interesting. Really great timeline graphi.
Graters app.... More seismic activity in the Java region would possibly form a land bridge to Australia, in several Billions years or more. Work together!.
There was no way that I could see how to look up cities and states.
I'm pleased with this app it alerts current activity on real time.
this is a good Map to have at all Times.
Good app. Been using for almost a year now..
Very useful for people living near them. Highly recommended.
Everyone must install this useful apps, real time earthquake on your hp screen.Can share alert for others people in the world..
hard to find more info on earthquakes, always takes me to volcanoes..
its great app just since the new update I dont get notifications now..
Distracting adds and no data for US.
It's good but still missing some earthquakes.
Very helpful and reliable.
It's a great app just found out from my girlfriend in the Phillipines about a earthquake the had today..
Very informative and interesting.very useful..
Very accurate with lots of info..
I've had it for 24 hours and it has already alerted me to a pair of 6.0+ earthquakes in the Philippines before any news media was aware of the event. 5/5.
Love this site i check daily but needs better united states options n choices.. otherwise great.
since new update the country flag is soooo annoying!!!!!!.
does not post up all the quake's seems to miss important ones...
awesome reporting of earthquakes and volcanoes. shows the best places to focus my prayers to people!.
I love to keep informed, thanks to this app, I will. .
nice earthquake alerts and movement.
Sometimes there's no share button....
Love this app, thank you..
I really found this app to be interesting and useful..
I guess a 4.6 earthquake in Canada doesn't count because its Canada? Uninstalling because it's useless to me..
it's alright it tells you where the earthquake is at except for its about a day off.
a week outdated. shows last updated 21st April, today is 28th.
awesome good view, map an point.
Works great on staying up to date.
Very, very useful app!.
I really appreciate the effectiveness of this app..
this app is very helping us to mitigate seismic activity.
It did not report as it should've..
Great app precise info.
Good app but will you get rid of the 'upgrade' app sometime?.
Great app. Love the added flags .
Matthew 42:7, Luke 21:11 so im Keeping my eyes on the times.
Been a while since my geophysics background could be entertained..
Incredible app would recommend and its great for Volcano nerds like me.
too slowing updates report.
Very informative apps .
Cool, interesting and simple.
I like volcanos and earthquake so this is the app for me.
This is what I was looking for, forget about USGS..
I love this app has all you need to know.
Very good app excellent.
Amazing ... it shows that Earth is perpetually moving.
I have the pro app..
I don't want to die by an earthquake i want to live.
Very useful app.
I like to know what's happening around the world..
Excellent. Keep up the good work..
Just got it give me a chance to use it.
Great app, thanks.
Tracks worldwide earth movements and eruptions.
this a Very great App..
very informative app.
LOVE THIS APP!.
Amazing accurate information.
I was woken up at 2:31 am last night by my house cracking so when I checked this morning at 7:35 it showed an EQ at 2:33 am 13 hrs ago it said,on Sat.well,it's only8:01am 2:33 was not 13 hrs ago. You see it's only like 5 hrs ago. Your confusing..
Thanks for good app.. !!.
I love this app it's great..
Very useful app.
It's the boom. Really it's great!.
attention and thought provoking.
Thanks for this great app .
If your into this topic you should definitely get this app, daily updates on all events around the world.
Greatest App Ever! It os addicting!.
possible androidTV capability patch?.
Doesnt seem to show all e.q. activity..
Really great information..
Keeps me InTouch volcanoes.
very well organised.
This app is 100% real...
Absolutely love this app.
i had a 3.8 tremor in my city and it never showed up... i guess this app is not trust worthy... deleting .
Anywhere there is an EQ or Volcano you can stay informed about it..
There is something wrong on the places. U put a wrong place in a wrong country. It is ligit?..
Should be called, "Earthquakes and a teeny bit of Volcano" Not what I'm looking for..
Aok thx.
great app accurate.
This app will not let me in to check which volcanoes are closest to earthquaks. And give me volcano information.
Very interesting app..
I'm a scientist and following what you provide (details) world wide..
very nice I've got better however thank you! chow love Val the equation of God AIO TC ATS ECT Etc For Ever Given To Me Forever Indeed Nomatter Any Any Forever Permanently In The Most Bestest Of bestest ways indeex for me all in one.
Easy to understand Planet X system threat assesment and places to never travel to again..
like the up date's and give a sine wen a simple a peer's on the day to day ..
Like that i see the earth and can follow with ease..
not accurate or are the local news is lying to us saying that we had a two-point something here in San Juan Bautista in California so um I guess it dectects major ones then.
We need a good tsunami warning system....
the date is wrong it happened on the 5 of july not the 6th.
Such a great app.
Is good app please put an alarm for future volcano eruption.
does not have information for most of the world.
earthquakes Andaman 13/12 + 21/12 you don't report.
Looking for an app that includes US Volcanoes..
Isn't showing or alerting for California earthquakes..
its good for at the time allert use for science knowledge.
really good exelent app.
I had it, but nothing happened for a while.
H.B.S. 1/1/1980..
I think this is a great app.
keeps me ahead of the news.try it!.
to date, i am enjoying this app.
Everything I need is in it.
So far, so good!.
fantastic very helpful ,.
Good i like yes is good yazzz so nice!.
EXCELLENT KEEP UP THE GREAT WORK.
The let me know all app..
Very nice, everything you need to know!.
lpl I'm b n j me I'm ipl lpp.mmm.. no....kkkk i myi lp llll.
it a pretty cool app thumbs up.
Update for Indonesia, please.
Handy app accurate.
Content so far..
Check it out. It's fun..
OK thanks. Reinstalling..
Stay in the know !.
the best app ever..
I love this app .
up to date.
It's ok better than nana thing.
VERY UP TO DATE  FOR WARNING ON EQ VOLCANO.
What's SHAK'NNN....
Good accurite data.
very good work.
False number on ALL earthquakes...smh.
For Fema and Sinaproc it's really Good.
provide best information.
very good app.
good on source info.
live in so cal.
Best app ever.
grest app..keeps you imformed!.
opt out rate 5 thingys.
Excelente Calidad.
Best Earthquake app.
Very informative..
Interesting app..
.
Always interesting.
works good.
Informative and simple.
Awesome.
Great.
Dependable.
Good.
.
******* ; ,).
I am updating my review. I live in Ridgecrest CA. This is the BEST earthquake app. After the change was made that shows a difference between the earthquakes that happened in the past hour. It makes it easier to find the earthquakes I feel in a town that has A LOT everyday. I LOVE this app. You can get the info faster on earthquakes than the usgs site. The upgrade is worth it the money. Thank you to the developers for making that change. My last suggestion is yellow blends in with the map to much.
By far the best Earthquake notification app. Used it since 2018..
Good.
Good app.
Better than I ever thought even picked up Bomb Blast in North Korea it registered between 5.9 and 6 on the Richter scale and show the time when it happened I'm quite impressed/ keeping up with the events in Hawaii to the tragic event that occurred with Krakatoa this app continues to amaze me I wanted something like this app because we have now entered into the 21st century what I like to call century of the volcanic Great Awakening and there are much bigger ones to come so keep safe out there..
Crucial application.
owesoMe.
O K.
Very useful.
Good app.
Great app.
Good resolusion.
Fantastic app.
Fun indeed.
Love it..
.
informative.
Amazing.
Love it.
Great.
Good.
Superb.
Good.
Excellent.
incredible i have been fascinated with volcanoes and earthquakes since a child and now i found an app that has it all...current eruptions to starting or current earthquakes...have you ever thought of adding extinct volcanoes in britain as i noticed no extinct volcano list appears for britain as we do have them...arthur's seat is an extinct volcano for e.g., hope to see these volcanoes appear soon in app...pls add them.
You never knew how violent this rock is. Fast notifications. Excellent maps and info. My phone isnt the best by far but this app is flawless..
Best by far..
Very infornative..
Very useful!.
Good, informative.
excellent program.
Love it!.
.
.
good thanks.
great app.
good app.
Very accurate.
good.
wonderful.
adequate.
Awesome.
I love this app. Very informative. Been using it for about 3 years I guess. Thank you to those who made Volcanoes & Earthquakes app..
I like everything!.
nothing.
ok.
Good App..
.
great app.
great app.
Beautiful..
Everything works perfect now thanks for the advice.....
excellent..
interesting.
Me interesa mucho estas aplicaciones pues nos mantiene al da informados de lo que sucede en cuanto a los movimientos TELRICOS, sismos o terremotos! Tambin nos indican cmo afrontarlos o qu debemos hacer en estos casos sin necesidad de "exasperarnos" pues podramos tener accidentes innecesarios!.
very good.
informative.
great app.
perfect.
excellent .
new horizons.
good app.
good.
awesome.
Excellent. But the flags are a waste of screen real estate..
its good.
Excellent app but what have ye got against the UK, and don't tell me there's no earthquakes there cos there are.
GOOD APP TO HAVE .
Poor app..
.
excellente.......
PTX.
great app.
Great.
Background update ... but no notifications. That's a weird one! Add notifications and you get the missing . Edit 24/01/19: For some time notifications have been fine, and i should have upped my rating to 5. There was a recent, brief, glitch ... but that's been sorted! .
This Android app is the best for Volcano  and EARTH QUAKE location depth visually exxxxceeellent  Thank your app saves lives don't be scared be prepared to survive the natural events in life have extra water supplies save yourself first then u can help others.
No se pode ler os comentrios, d erro "404 FORBIDDEN"! The app shows error 500!.
Excellent app. Beats all the others in speed and design. Developer responds to users and it shows in this fantastic and well maintained app. You won't be disappointed..
Amazing, time saving, good informational app with most accurate data(also source)..
Easy to use. And fast notification.
Just got new version-- anyone can help why cannot display earthquake report ??.
And again no information about earthquakes in the Philippines for more than a week now.
The volcanoes are missing on the map..
Fastest earthquake news app!.
The maps.
Excellent app..
brilliant. accurate .
supper.
Love it!.
Love it!!!.
most informative.
Brilliant!!!!!!!!!!!!!.
good.
nice.
excellent.
Good.
execellent.
Great.
Nice app... Shows well in realtime the vulcanos and earthquakes and has a nice collection of information. I liked it a lot during my vacation in middle America. A must for any volcano enthousiast! One suggestion for enhancement: the map could have a better caching strategy (to enhance usrr experience in slow networks).
Keeps me up to date. Go into settings and change the scale 6.0 and higher, major earthquakes, and to 1 year. In the last 28 days there's been 27 major earthquakes, very high activity..
Great app. Would be perfect if tsunami warnings were added..
Watch our earth changing constantly with notifications esp. volcanoes! Planet is alive...amazing app! Thank you....
Since latest updates, i can no longer read i felt it reports on samsung s6+.
Informative. It's one and main function of such apps.
In a world where it seems every thing I thought I had atleast a acceptable understanding of, such as... weather patterns, and how the sun feels on my skin (HOT as in something is not right! HOT...) It is nice to have a app. that gives me the ability to stay informed & educate myself about two topics that I know very little about...Volcanoes/Earthquakes...   Thank you!.
It s The Best there s but there`s room for better: update maps,,,, so we 
can see the new cracks that appear under water.
The app is really good. Way better than a lot of the other apps which don't 
get some of the earthquakes..
Love it. .
This app used to be OK, it seemed to work. That is, as long as you like all 
your distances in metric. I change the settings to imperial and it stays 
metric. Recently the earthquake magnitude settings don't seem filter 
correctly. Might be time to find a new app..
Love this app and refer to it every day. Had a notifications problem and 
the author responded immediately with suggestions. After some investigation 
it turned out to be a problem caused by me not exploring ALL the items in 
the list where the various settings are. 1st class app and response!.
Love this app! Check it everyday! Have learned a lot and helped grow my 
interest. Even considered taking college courses now. Thanks for a great 
app!.
I use it every day. Recently I updated to a samsung s9. I can no longer set 
a custom notification sound. I wonder if you know why and how I can fix 
that. Thx.
My go to Earthquake and Volcano App, I refer to it Everyday!!.
It used to let me set magnitude. Now it resets after every earthquake. 
About to uninstall app.
This is a great app with a helpful, recent update. A previous version only 
allowed earthquake tracking within a certain distance of my current, 
physical location. But the latest update allows me to easily monitor 
low-level activity back home (thousands of miles away) without having to 
get alerts for every small event in other geographic areas between here and 
there. Nice update! The information is useful and presented nicely, and the 
app developers are paying attention and providing updates that add value. 
Thanks for the update!.
Doesn't update accurately at all. Earthquakes happen and it doesn't stay 
current. Even when you refresh, it won't update. One moment it will tell 
you what's happening, and later in the day it will tell you nothing. Very 
inconsistent..
I loved the app and upgraded it to the ad free version only to find that 
now I get notified of all earthquakes even I selected that I want only to 
be notified of quakes greater than 5.5 I will give 5 stars once the 
developers have sorted out this problem as other than that it is s great 
app to have..
Thanks for the fix, re: GA feed. Restored back to 5 stars, awesome app, 
been a paid user for many years..
Most dedicated and beyond app ever keep safe people around the world....
Awesome work kids.
Good app.
This is one of those rare apps that does exactly what it says. Extremely 
flexible in setting up notifications which is a must or else you might get 
snowed under with them and for me personally well worth the tiny amount of 
money it costs to lose all the ads. I use this app daily in conjunction 
with The Dusaster Prediction app and find both indispensible. This really 
is superb and i cannot say enough good things about it.
Great update! This is exactly what the app needed for perfection!.
I like this app. But please fix Earthquakes Location that's written in bold.  The location has only two letters per line and one word like California goes Ca (press enter to go to next line down) li (next line) fo (and so on) rn...ia Which makes it Very difficult to read.  (I did the example of the writing but when I posted it put it all on same line.) It takes so much time trying to read it.   Thank you for you hard work.I read the read more area and this app is wonderfully awesome tool that I and many more are greatful for I'm sure.  I'm sure the success is tiresome but your persistence is greatly valued. It's definitely not said enough in a felt way so I express that of many. I'll see you on the other side....
Nice app, but I have two complaints:  1-There is an earthquake list, but no volcano list;  2-You have to zoom in so far on the map to see Orange, Yellow, Green, etc. Volcano icons.  That is inconvenient..
All the necessary information at hand! I check with this app several tines a day to keep informed about all of the volcanic and seismic events occurring near loved ones and friends. It also satisfies my love of Volcanology and Seismology too. This is the best app of its kind out there for Android devices!.
Excellent app But I have 2 requests - 1 : That Tsunamis be added to the lists and maps. 2 - That if Tsunamis are added they be given a separate notification ringtone as tsunami can and do travel vast distances. Unlike the earthquakes that generate them..
Help! Why are we not recieving New Zealand's Earthquakes anymore? Geonet 
are reporting many per day. Paid for upgrade, love the app but it is no 
good to me without New Zealand notifications..
I love this app but for the last few days I can't access the map! Keeps 
saying Google play is updating. Otherwise I would have given 5 stars.
I was about to give this 5 stars but recently the earthquakes aren't 
updating. I know there happening...I'm here on the big island. App will say 
last eq was several hours ago. Not so..
I have tried other Earthquake apps and I like this one best.  I supported the developer by paying for the ad free version. Well done developer!  Very responsive to emails about issues as well..
I like being able to see what volcanoes are active, sometimes related to the earthquake activity. Now it hasn't been showing quakes in my area or in California, censoring, when it's reported on the news..
I just felt one in Jaco, Costa Rica.. 11:46pm Monday March 5th. My bed just shook 3 times , I'm on the 8th floor of a highrise.... no report in yet..
I love this app ever since the eruption of Kilauea in Hawaii I watching and 
leaning about volcanoes. Wish you would create a widget to along with this 
app for mobile phones. But GREAT app and i kill a lot of time on it!!.
Don't see mt saint Helen's, hood, Ranier, Yosemite etc... This isn't very useful for users in the u.s. that wanna track their area..
This is good but pay for the upgrade- it's much better and worth the approx 2$!.
It's an interesting app that gives notifications on earthquakes and volcanic eruptions. As well as details and locations of said events..
Love it. The only improvement would be to have a legend for the map.
Hey Slingshot. Yes, the super volcano in Yellowstone is listed. Go to rhe 
map and zoom in..
Its decent but the volcano i got this app for it does not have listed 
(Supervolcano Yellowstone).
I greatly appreciate it, I know that it works because, I was notified of of 
the volcano in Hawaii before it was even on the news..
Nice-thank you!.
On top of every thing. Also great links. .
Can't wait to get notificationss.
Looooove this App!.
Good precise app.
Information layed out in a very nice format.
Good solid app that seems to do what it claims.
Awesome app you guys! Keep it up!!.
No Hawaii location? I don know if they've heard.....
I love this app , excellent app .
.
Top of the food chain....
.
Very informing.
Nice info.
Best apps.
Love this app.
This app could save lives. It also can help people find world info about family's stuck in epicentre areas. Great for visual tectonic movement, volcano ash advice when flying and up-to-date data with push notifications. Nice feature to add your own "felt it reports"..
No earthquakes or volcanos in the continental US are shown.  This is a big problem, mainly if one lives near a volcano.  The FAQs state ouright that there are no active volcanos in the continental US.  This is NOT TRUE.  According to the USGS data (on their website), there are a number of volcanos in the US now currently active, yet not shown on this app. Mt. Saint Helens, Mt. Rainier, Mt. Hood, Yosemite caldera, Mommouth Mountain, among others, are active in outgassing, as well as &gt;3.0 Magnitude quakes..
Volcanos and Earthquakes are the most devastating natrual disasters that exist. Not having the USGS would be irresponsible. If you live near a fault or volcano you should if not have this app then some way to inform you of upcoming or current geological disasters..
It is good app .you are giving good information and you have to provide the alerts and earth quake updates  also the users it is very helpful and save the human lives .you have to improve the app and add more features in it .Immediately rectify the mistakes and In future don't repeat it again..
This app had great promise for me. When I installed it I was monitoring Mt Agung in Bali. As I write this review Mt Agung finally erupted and today flights were disrupted because of a code 3 alert. Photos on media show some quite violent events with large dust and smoke plumes. And what of this app? Nothing added despite 3 days and no update since October 20.. today is the 26th Nov. I realise you have a disclaimer. But really.  Disappointed..
One can't make it send notifications for a particular area other than their own. There are hardly any noticeable earthquakes where I live but I have friends in countries that are not like this. I would like notifications for there only..
Don't even think about downloading, just do it. Thoroughly informative app. I  spent at least 20 minutes a day perusing the site.  Best app I've ever come across. I'm amazed it's free. Though I have upgraded what only cost a couple of quid. One off payment what  thoroughly recommend. A big well done to the guys who made this. If your into anything sizemological it's a must have. I heard about this app on YouTube. A channel called. Dutchsinse  he covers earthquakes and volcanoes extremely well.
Missing the earthquake we had today. Missing equakes in Montana and Yellowstone and Oklahoma and Ohio. Zooming in does not show smaller quakes. Please show ALL quakes for a 5* rating..
Takes your money for the pro version, but never fixes any bugs. Still only alerts if you set it to World. I just want 500 miles in Southern California but never get any alerts then..
Now there's been an error retrieving data and it won't show any activity after a reinstall. Sad face..
All events in one place!! The distance between an EQ & a volcano. Amazing how many volcanos are erupting alongside EQs. Applause!!.
One of the best apps on ANY subject I have ever used. As a programmer I take my hat off to you. Superlative design, fascinating content and pleasant on the eye. A big well done!.
The app could be amazing, if the info was up to date. I'm currently sat watching Mt Agung errupt yet the last app update was October!!!.
This takes the "cat's pajamas" to a whole new level!!  Nice job!  A great way to track correlations between earthquakes and volcanoes. Thank you and please keep up the good work!.
Thank you so much for all the hard work that went into this app.  Easy to follow listings.  Great layout and features..
I use it along with other earthquake maps as some monitors don't always report, very helpful.
I bought it but it doesn't work in Huawei GR3. I can't use the alarm without the ringtone volume. I wanna use it with alarm volume. :(.
Not good. Mt Agung erupting in indonesia now, this app says volcanoe is dormant..
I like this app alot but why does it not show volcanos in the US that are considered as active?.
Dose not show activity in the USA. Is the app being censored by the us government..
Very useful, notifies me within seconds when something major happens.  One of the best apps out there.  Must have..
Yes this app mission is not scarcely peoples is help to Alerts ...to good app.
It won't give any updates about yellowstone what are they hiding.
If only we could reply to the reports submitted but still by far the best earthquake app I've had.
Love this app! Informative useful information. Notifications are prompt and 
accurate. Would like to see Yellowstone listed. Maybe a chat room, would 
love to chat with other shaker and boomer addicts..
GREAT up to date Information on Earthquakes and Volcanos around the Globe..
Great app but why don't it give any information about yellowstone park?.
Can't filter out just your area without paying. Dud!.
Distance 2000 km or world needs to be flexible ie 2500 3000 etc.
Pay the 2.45 for the Pro version. Trial version was great, Pro is better. You won't regret it..
Is a great app. Work perfectly 100% recommend.
Great. Very informative and easy to understand. .
Gives a person a chance to see what goes on in other parts of the world.
Please add text to speech support for notifications .
How can OHRID be in Albania? Check before you make apps.
Most compiled information in one app..
Thank you ! it helps a lot.
App not responding  Will uninstall.
How do you want me to rate it .... I havent even usedto it yet......
Would be nice to see stuff in the US.
BEST I'VE SEARCHED OUT..
Ilike this App.some country inf.missing.
Nice app but Japan earthquakes are missing..
Gives the right info on time.
Great app with loads of information..
Very useful. Thanks.
A very important "heads-up" for survival tool.
Really love this keep me informed on event.
Very helpful for earth science classes..
GOOD DETAIL INFORMATION AND  MAPS..
Great app !  A real jewl !.
Good & recomended app.
It is the best ap ever!.
Help less.
Awesome to see what's going on in the world.
Good to be aware of what's going on on this planet.
Good app..
Just perfect. Iam geologist.
Good Job..
Powerful apps, ever !.
Great app.. very informative...
Doesn't show earthquakes or volcanoes in the US or Canada???? Why not?.
Very good.
Great App..
love it.
Great ap.
Highly informative.
Life saver.
Nice app.
I have found USGS does not list call quakes.  Also there seened to be a quiet time before the Solomon Islands quake.  This app is excellent. So I edited this review. Everything after this sentence can be ignored.I find this very helpful but would like better coverage of the West coast of US. Listing the depth of a 4.0 and above is very helpful..
But, it is way out of date on its data... when I  clicked on a volcano that is supposedly erupting currently, the data info was from 2014... come on now! Keep your data updated! What good is it if you are giving old information?.
The app is going well as the first time in the world of the most important thing is that the information you need to be a good idea to advertise the best way to get the latest version of the most popular and I am looking for a while to reply to you by email or telephone and email address to receive our newsletter and get a chance to win a free email service and the other day and night and then the next few days ago by the way to get the latest version of your choice of seats and the other day and the family and friends!.
This is a brilliant app.for $2.45 u get a great ad free version and be following quakes as they shudder n shake all over the globe..
Great works, love special the news tap background info foto etc. But mis only a user favorites option.
The update didn't work and would not reload. I reinstalled it and it still didn't work I say  your app is a negative 10  not a 5 Star.
I even paid google for the so called "upgrade" and it stinks even more. Wish I knew how to get a refund!!!.
I've tried several Earthquake and Volcano apps.  This one is the best for me.  And I really appreciate the News feature..
Thank you!great job !I think that in a near future we will spend more time looking at this app with nibiru approching our solar system...reliable,fast,accurate,second to none.Merci!.
I've used numerous earthquake apps over the years and this one is the best so far. Love the volcano info section. Great layout and intuitive design. Nice work..
I hope everyone have it, in order to stay up to date with earthquake news, thanks to creator.
WOW!!! We have an active little planet. Awesome app.
Notifications seem very selective no matter how many times I change the settings..
It show an accurate event. Love to share with friends.
Where is the earthquake that occurred in north india yesterday?.
The best app for updates news about earthquakes and volcanoes around the world..
The Best. No Comparisons..
Notifications sometimes fail to work but otherwise fine..
Great app, best earthquake volcano one out there..
Works really well so far..
Its perfect..no words to say.
thanks for second information.
I love this app!.
Iceland volcanos.
Getting better!.
Very informative.
Thanks.
Works.
Excelente.
Keep.
Thanks.
Great program.
Excellent.
Good.
I live in Los Angeles and earthquakes belong to our daily life. We have the QuakeAlarm device installed detecting the P-Wave of earthquakes. If the alarm starts, the app tells me the cause a couple of minutes later. This is the best help to adjust the sensitivity of the device. I don't have much problems with the app and if so, the next update comes soon. I like the idea with customized regions other than the current location. 5 stars because it meets my expectations and its more worth than the money spent.
It was working great and then became buggy over the last few days. "I felt it reports" are not loading but instead error. Please fix this or I'll take it off my phone..
What happened?? Your latest update  (16May) and now it's all buggy! Used to work perfectly, not anymore. "Show on map" doesn't work, A-Z doesn't either! Please fix! Update 01Jun, "News" not working. Will not load!.
Actively maintained and improved.  Keep up the good work!  A couple of suggestions:  1) Make links larger so they are easier to tap; especially on the earthquake list tab. 2) Make it such that a map of the location and the magnitude show when the event is shared..
Works love it was using another asked them about adding volcano reports but said that they don't do it. Then saw this and was surprised. It's very good information love it..
It was Monday and it said Tuesday fix it also in the earthquakes it won't tell you if there was an earthquake  fix it also and the earthquake alert ,?.
I love this App it tell's me when there is a Volcano Eruption an a Earthquake has happen. I have been using this app for a while an I really do like this app a lot..
Awesome App. Love it, but is it possible to combine the two apps, Free & Upgrade  into one App..
Our planet is a feisty, active geologic place. Through this app, the Earth talks to you. Ads are unobtrusive and I love the notifications and quick access to more information. Nicely done, smart team..
Showing activities on the map is what I was looking for but this app has other nice tools. News part is interesting. Good work..
Latest update includes fast notifications for earthquakes and volcanoes, reduced bandwith and battery use. Simple to use..
Love this it keeps me informed. Up to the minute..
Stopped updating a couple of weeks ago... help!.
Thank you .
I love the volcanoes erupting worldwide map..
Up to the minute notifications.  Nice graphics..
Gr8 App.
Good and fast.
Fantastic app..
Something has messed up since last update cant bring up imformation box when i select volcano or an earthquake on world map just the pointer stays on what ive selected,please look at this,thx.........ironically its now working must be a glitch.
Wrong day and it will not tell you if there was a earthquake and I put the setting and nothinng fix it!!!!!!!!!!!!.
Pretty cool app. All the activity around the world goes right with the election. Coincidence? Nope.
Love it!.
The app works great as long as your location is on. It drains the battery, but I feel that should be expected. It is updated regularly. We live in Ecuador, and right now, this app is our most used app. I just installed it after the 7+ earthquake to keep updated. I am interested in earthquakes only, so with the filter, I do not see the volcanoes. The filter has worked fine for me. I am using on an unlocked Samsung Galaxy 5s..
It was alright as it shows earthquakes and volcano activity but it did not have good updates as such it took 30+ mins for activity to show up. It also doubles up on earthquakes when one source reports a 7.8 and the next a 7.8 and another a 7.9. It would either show 2 or 3 of the quakes. Self reports would also double up so youd get 3 i felt its from the same person with the same wording etc. I uninstalled as would drain my battery of my Samsung galexy s4 in 2 to 3 hours... and my phone's internet..
A second and final question I asked was-: "What time period of inactivity needs to elapse before a volcano is deemed to be dormant?" This question was never answered! For example, the app developer(s) have said that the Yellowstone volcano is "dormant", but according to the USGS, "Yellowstone is a youthful active system".......go figure!.
I was really excited about this app, but I'm finding the "current status" on a large majority of the volcanoes is way out of date-some as much as 3 years ago. If you could make the volcano status update like you do earthquakes, then I'd give it 10 stars!.
This is a great app.  It is missing one function that I have looked for, for a long time.  It would be nice if you could set one notification value for your state/country and a different one for the world..
Not one notification one earthquakes only volcano's. Settings/filters set for earthquakes only..
Already love this app, with all kinds of things happening around the world, it's great to have this app after all who's to say when we in California will get another Shake of fear, thank you much :).
Installed this just to keep an eye on Popocatepetl volcano for our upcoming Mexico trip... Discovered the way, way more through this cleverly designed app..
Throw in tsunamis and this app would be perfect maybe a all weather feature...
Great app with lots of setting features, historical data and clear interface..
Distracting, unacceptable. Uninstalled..
Fixed problem....Absolutely love this App!!!!.
Lol.
Volcano and earthquake app.
really like this app.
Everything is quick and useful. The best!.
Thanks you for excellent app !.
Great app.
Love this little app. Sometimes slow to notify me of large quakes, but nothing too substantial..
AWESOME App!!! No other comment required....
This app is amazing!.
Like the app a lot.  But it seems to download data like there is no tomorrow.   Need to check my settings, maybe.  /EDIT: Thank you for your quick reply.  Will try as you suggest..
Good app. Need faster alert. real close..lots of great info for volcanism need more for quakes.
Great job! If only Yellowstone would show up! Hmm?.
You see them all . Updates quickly . Very informative. It's amazing how much activity is going on in the world... had issues after last update but uninstall and reinstall works.
Great reviews and it didn't take long to jump on board.  I bought the app.  Love the volcano info compared to other apps.  Pony up payment to keep this going.  My only comment is I think the initial screening showing the version of the app should be eliminated.  It should go direct to the earthquake date.  Other than that wow...fantastic app.  Update:  I am amazed at how much detail is available.  Volcano info with pictures.  Links and more links go deep into the  history of every location too!  Wow!.
This app is amazing for anyone interested in volcanic and seismic activity - not just a list of the active locations, but news and photos as well! Love it..
I'm amazed by how quickly it reports quake activities. The maps and info make it really interesting..
Great app with many features..
Best app ever.
Great.
Do you have this app in I store for Apple users.  Good work.  I don't want to see this add below of this app.  Can you tell me how to disable it. Or do I need to pay for the premium..
All I can say is that just by reading the reviews-wow-I havent even used this app yet and I am impressed with the reviews alone-EXCITED to get started-!.
This is now the best EQ App I've used. The recent updates are just what this app needed to push it above what the other apps offer. This app often shows EQs that other apps don't report. The USGS habit of erasing seismic events makes this app more valuable. TY dev..
Has everything you need and more. I would like it even more if you were to show fault lines and tsunami info..
THE BEST!  I've tried them all.  I've gotten alerts on this app before USGS post them!   Everyone using it should spend the buck and help them keep moving this forward and of course use your bandwidth for important information ....
Very cool app, buy the pro version so you can set the filters as you want. Well worth the money..
My go to app for earthquakes. Like the I felt it coments. Very easy to use. Instant updates..
Great.
Excellent..
FREQ: smarter location checking algorithm to improve battery usage. It seems to be polling my location every 20-ish seconds. People just don't move far enough to matter to an earthquake that quickly. If the last eg 5 updates don't see movement outside of a 1000m radius, increase the delay to 5 minutes. If the last eg 5 of those don't move much, increase to an hour. Return to quick updates if there's significant movement. No point thrashing the GPS if I'm home all week, or in the office for 8 hours..
Has distance setting KM/MI that doesn't work only showing KM regardless of setting! Fix this and I'll give 5 stars!.
Well done. Keeps up with latest information in a well organized format..
Far more entertaining to observe mother nature than the rubbish on the box these days..
Love it.
Wanted for sometime now an app that shows both quakes and volcanos. Information provided is excellent. Thank you..
A very good application..
Very handy app to keep up-to-date with volcanic activity and earthquakes around the world!.
Although the application is pretty good,  I discovered that the app was using a huge amount of battery and data in the background. 31% battery drain attributed to this app along with 337mb data in only a few days of background activity.  Why is this?.
Nit picking here, but an institution that uses geographical locations for mapping out seismic and volcanic events can't get  continents correct. Puts Mexico in Central America! Last I checked Mexico was in the North American continent. Get it right!.
Where I live i feel them I'm on an old faultline...I get 3 quick shakes then gone if far away...Because it's far away it won't let me input! It's not about how far it's where...Why would I install this at 04 38 am in the morning!!! Now sort it out....
After the update the app did not give me any notification even though I 
made changes on the settings of the app did not get any notification.
Wonderful app to help alert people of natural hazards worldwide. I'll leave this app on my wish list. Thank you..
Even with adds it's still much better than many others I've tried. Look 
forward to getting to know this more as I watch it. A big thank YOU to the 
creator of this app..
It's very helpful when you want to know about earthquakes and volcanoes that are happening around the world.
Denver Colorado sun spots last week? ??.
Why doesn't this app show the va cloud and forecast va cloud?.
I go quackers for quakes.
090h90r84q04policia de su vida y paper ojos 31310211.
Does not work..
aok ya ws.
It looks like a cool app but I wish it just focused on volcanoes..
I think it is CRAPPY.
Took to much power and was running constantly.  Drained my power!.
Looks very good so far. Thanks to the developer!.
It tells all.
Rocker aap.
thanks for finding me.
Keep on the good work saving lives thankyou..
Great job well done at this app like it.
Gives recently active volcanic activities.
Not enough about volcanos, more about earthquakes.
Great app really like it.
Keeping the good work.
Please pro6more information.
.
Ggggf.
NOAA RADIO.
Thank you.
dusty carlen.
welldone.
Works.
Fantastic App!.
Very good.
very.
White.
Ok.
terrible.
It's great.
.
so good.
useful enough.
Very helpful.
awesome app.
very nice.
Excellent app.
Fantastic application.
very good.
Nice apps.
Nice.
AWESOME.
awesome .
excellent....
Amazing.
Nice.
good.
good.
GREAT.
Informative.
nice
If reports the information that you want and has good configuration settings. There is a bit of lag from the time of event to the announcement, but only a few minutes..
New, but covers so much, earthquakes, hurricanes, space weather & alot more. Love it so far. So versitle..
Great apps, works on real time based.
Why does the app continue to bother me about data collection consent. If i tell the app one time that i op-out of this it should STOP ASKING ME!!!??.
Good app , show all earthquake with in 1 minute.
Very informative, real time updates.
Nice interface and good info..
Useful app. However, I have a constant notification going on that I can't figure out how to stop. I've looked at the earthquakes in the list and there's nothing new. If I can get it to stop, it will be a 5.
It's very informated and updated applications, good job and thank you.
It helps but need a lil adjustments It will be easier if i can pin point the affect area instead it takes you out to the beginning. Also, it takes lil longer to know the magnitude or location. Its good but needs adjustments.
It would be great if a New Earthquake had a Orange color on the pin to show it in a cluster or by itself as being new..
always quick with showing each quake..
This good keep me posted of what is going on with world thank   love this app.
This app awesome. Customizable notification settings are great. After a recent earthquake in my area it's nice just to monitor the activity for peace of mind..
Works pretty good. I was able to get the filters tweaked for my area. Still confused about real-time alerts and notifications..
I'm new to viewing earthquake activity so my review may or may not be helpful. However, this app seems to be easy to use and very informative and I very much appreciate it..
It's an okay app, it just doesn't show all, if you go to earthquake.usgs.gov you get true earthquake report. I will be uninstalling...sorry, but y'all need to update your connections....
Keeps me updated with earthquakes happening around the world, especially close to my location. Very informative..
Impressive alarm to remind others as possible to get ready set their self organized.The watchmen earth and space connection actually used this app as a connection of the epicenter of some aftershocks and catastrophic earthquakes as well as he is honest..
A lot of information available with options to tailor notifications..
Best app ever with lots of detailed settings and information.
The application works as described. But the continual request for privilages is anoying. What part of no is not understod?.
It could be better. It takes to long to alert the earthquake..
Now a days only the AP forecast news over earthquake. Good app..
Pretty awesome to be able to get immediate information..
Very good app for earth quake and giving latest data.
good app. i use it to keep tabs on quakes near family in California.
Love this app!! Very helpful!!.
Easy and very useful for me..
Great tool, but not very user-friendly. Too many items in one screen that makes it too crowded. Unable to customize to a simpler page. I love the different alerts (i.e., voice, written & sounds). Recommendations: To reduce page "noise," the tool bar should be in the first screen & the desired settings on the 2nd page or vice verse..
Best earthquaker tracker i found.
It has been very interesting seeing all the earthquakes that go on throughout the world not just here.
The best app for earthquakes and keep me alert.
Very good and active !.
Its good. I wish I could set settings for my particular region.. Mine asks what region but it won't let me type in West Coast or Southern California... I would also like a " Ring of Fire" Regional type setting.. Also, when I touch the color blurb of recent quake it does nothing. It should change to a location on a map??.
Very unique app, has so much information with great graphics. I enjoy using your app for several years, thank you!.
Good effective.... consider simplifying main screen.. currently awful and confusing. Ditch the awful multi colours they make it hard to read.. - information overload. Suggest give Mag, location, depth time and user can click for more info and map. Use black on white with a colour reserved for significant earthquakes only. Make sure voice works..
Location pop up stays on the screen and will not close no matter what. Uninstalling..
I think this app would be terrific but they made the notifications settings overwhelmingly complicated. There were three nearly hidden layers to disabling annoying voice alerts. On top of that, there are the other beeping and alerts for earthquakes of all different sizes and locations. I believe this app has the ability to adjust them but I genuinely could not figure out how and knowing how hard it was to turn off the voice alerts... Uninstall.
I love this app. Been using it for a long time. I have the licensed version and its great. Very detailed and amazing options. Worth the money..
It is wonderful and so is the satellite map. it keeps up with what is happening and the other app I have never seems to show all quakes and this one is delivering info without missing any of the world quakes. i really do love it and have used it five months and see no reason to look for a different one. Good job guys..
Great little app, just a shame it comes with an intrusive search engine YANDEX that takes over your phone! yeah thanks for that!!.
can't get it to download after it stopped working and deleted it. I'm in the process of downloading it again in hopes it wi correct the issue, but it keeps saying its installing, but won't download! Otherwise it worked great when I installed it the first time, but then stopped working for some reason..
So far no issues lots of features... when the alert is on there seems to be an earthquake every minute....
The best app for earthquakes. Does what it needs to do..
Hidden unwanted game in this app. The app seemed fine, but whilst using it for the 3rd time today, a sim world type game suddenly took over my phone. Why is there a game hidden in this app. Had to crash the app to stop the game from running, it had disabled my normal onscreen phone controls. Uninstalled after that experience..
Excellent app so far as I have gone through..
Used it for an hour, then deleted it. The pop ups are blank, and when I click on an earthquake point, it just takes me to the other side of the world. The double maps also are just redundant, the bottom does nothing different than the top. It's just a messy looking ap..
It seems to be a nice app, but the Notifications don't allow for me to set rules based on magnitude and distance. Or at least it allows me to set, but it then forgets. For what I'm looking for this isn't worthwhile..
I really like this app because of the interface, good notifications, ability to quickly sort on various criteria, etc. Is it possible on the map view to show the earthquke date and time (UTC) rather than local time and "37 minutes ago"? Also it woul dbe nice if the earthquke info would display above or below the map so you can see subsolar point in relation to earthquake location. Adding subsolar point location would be cool too. Thank you!.
Great app, used to track the recent earthquakes in Southern California. I like the ability to customize it so you can select regions around the world and set thresholds for how strong of earthquake you want to be alerted about..
Earthquake Tracker not only provides timely, accurate, and automatically updated information on seismic activity around the world, it also provides one of the most respective privacy selection rules I've seen for free apps. Consider donating just for that reason alone..
Nice update on world movement, too many notifications though, not sure how to control that yet. But complex app, satellite maps, locations, depth, strength, magnitude, everything that you need to know about earthquakes..
Gps off by about half a mile, earthquake alert is awesome..very useful app to have especially us living at the rim of fire..please work on the gps part. Thank you developer...kammagar makafel.
I get sufficient messages. But if I try to learn more on the main screen, almost every time I get a "server error" or "server unavailable" and no data. Get no satisfaction..
After trying several. I like this one the best. Voice notification is my favorite part. Notification on general... so so. I also like the energy and frequency graph. All in all it works great for me. Worth trying for yourself..
seems accurate and is relatively fast but setup is a bit confusing. took me a while to stop the thing buzzing every 5 seconds with distant events. now i have it as i want it and it's great..
the updates are very accurate and timely. I do wish it was easier to set up voice notifications for big quakes. I tried and doesn't seem to work. I may not have done it correctly either..
i use this app daily to further my education in earthquake predictions but today as i was using this app a pop up appeared that was a disclaimer asking if i give permission to this app, their affiliates, and possible third parties to access my email address, apps list, URLs, etc. They then listed off all the "partners" and there were around 20 "companies". I, of course, clicked "i disagree to all" but shockingly it clicked "agree to all" regardless of what i clicked. who may i speak with?.
Very good app. Gives details on earthquakes all over the world with the option to filter within a certain geographic area and what notifications to receive..
App stopped notifying me. I've tried options to fix it and it will maybe vibrate when there is an earthquake nearby. Has a button to view earthquake location with proximity alerts but wont show me when i click it. Uninstalling trying different one..
The filters are great for showing just what you want to see. Notifications arrive quickly with plenty of information. Excellent app..
This app has it all. The parameters you can put on here gives you just the information you want and does not clutter up your searches with junk. Highly reccomend this app..
Informative app with good options. Only suggestion I have is the ability to filter which services the information is gathered from such as USGS, NEIC, EMSC in case users have a preferred source..
works verry good and keeps me up to date with earthquakes. accurate. good map. gives me all i need to know..
Information and notifications about earthquakes around the globe. You can specify magnitude, location and ranges for notifications and alerts. Can vary alert tone based on same..
I really like the notifications and satellite setting. very accurate as far as time of the event. Great app!.
Results are brief and to the point..
I live in EQ prone northern Calif. This is a great app for me. It is also neat to see where EQs are happening around the world. I recommend Earthquake Tracker!!.
We live in Washington state. Its hard to find an accurate earthquake tracker app that works. This app works great!.
I uploaded this app after the 6.4 in Southern California on 7/4 and I new about the 7.1 before any News station did as it was live and within seconds after it happened. I love this app..
No instruction about symbols they use in the apps. I've been using it for almost 1 week. Sometimes the apps just went blank and error..
Will let you know where the quakes are. It is difficult to get the region you want. I removed one star because I wish they had a model for dummies. I live in Alaska this app is helpful, in that I dont have to wonder if that feeling I just had was an earthquake,.
This is the best app for tracking earthquakes. It has a lot of useful features for studying each event. I bought the pro version...well worth the money! Thank you!.
very cool app. pretty accurate as well. if the seismic rating was wrong it updates a few minutes later with the actual seismic rating..
Very good in updating events and excellent in options available. Moon data and the space weather in app, are good references in correlation to the events..
gi is a bit clugey..hard to figure out access to the filters, but once you figure it out, it is useful..
Great app. not tons of ads. can modify alerts. Best app I found. Just wish the notifcations where closer to when they actually happen..
Best Earthquake app. It is so easy to use. It even has the option of voice notifications. Very useful .
best app I've ever found. I need it because my sister feels earthquakes no matter where they are in the world and she doesn't have the capability of checking this oh, so thank you very much for your app..
Yet, app transmits quite promptly seismic events from the proximity. I hope that it will work the same in the future..
This app used to work pretty good and then it stopped reporting earthquakes altogether it used to alert me when I had an earthquake go off that I set it to go off at and now it is don't.
I've installed other apps, most I found were days behind but claimed to be the fastest update info. This is now my home app for needed earthquake info. Forget the other guys.
I just installed this app., and I'm about to uninstall it. I chose NOT to use voice notification, but it still uses voice. Way too annoying..
pretty good app. at times too much information but well detailed and up to the minute information..
love this app, i get the alert with in a min it happen! always good if you have someone out of your town or country!.
looks very professional and scientific. i like voice announcements, proved useful in latest 7.1 in california..
Buggy, too bad because I loved it, phone was vibrating every 15 secs and a couple other things that brought me to uninstall it right when a coronal hole was earth facing causing mass havoc!.
Earthquake Tracker is great! It alerts me on earthquakes occuring around the world. It helps me know if family and friends are in danger..
I can only view 3 quakes at a time. reports are grabbed in that letter overstrikes occur on locations with long names. Not as good as the earthquake app on my tab 4..
I love the voice alerts and the levels of detail. The antipoides map is very usefull. This is the best EQ app yet!.
Works great but... I live in Oregon and 1 day we had 6 earthquakes your software only flaged 1..
Good notification filtering. Not the easiest UI, but capable and free..
This application gives up to date up-to-the-minute earthquake strike information. I consider this a wonderful app for everyone!.
Very annoying voice and tone notification. I couldn't deactivate them even after I chose the no sound option..
This is by far the best earthquake app. Excellent maps, info and alerts..
Very difficult to locate a particular earthquake on the map..
i like how it shows the position of the moon when the quake occurred. very interesting!.
Love this app, the announcements of current earthquakes is just perfect..
work fine for a while then would not load after I had closed it down. Not happy uninstalled.
Wish there was an option to disable 'Miles Away'. Otherwise, a great App..
This app is so interesting to me, I like to keep track of any Mother Nature disasters and earthquakes are the most scary events because of the tsunamis.
Fab app. I live inUmbria and it was comforting to see that there are so many mini earthquakes around the world every day. Good for your geography too..
Excellent!!! just needs to set up in settings, using for 6 moths and works perfect !!!.
Exxxxceeellent app.. Informative directly.to the EQ location the voice alerts the best!! THANKS FOR EARTHQUAKE UPDATES.
Good app, warning is 15-30 minutes delayed but all earthquakes are notified as per the settings.
I either cant find how to shut off other areas or app won't let me. I only want coverage for one area. Not the world.
Like to be verbally notified. Please add. Time frame. For verbal notifications.
it kept on insisting I install mokn phases and text to voice, even when I checked "Don't ask me again". Uninstalling..
very good app. I just wish the map number the most recent wvents.
Great app. Lots of options to customize the way you want it..
Works. Alerting to any size quake when it happens..
Need it to watch aftershocks, all I get is "server down".. junk..
Wish there is way of prioritizing areas of interest where i want to see the incidence of earthquakes.....
It would be a bit more helpful if it was available Offline? But it's pretty good..
This app is great gives me alarms of earthquakes details are great don't really have any complaints.
Valuable app living in a earthquake country pron to activity accurate magnitude alerts, descriptive, shows me the what where when prepares you knowing that after affects will follow..
To many ads especialy in an emergency they do not help but otherwise a very good app.
very good application information to us over the world's earthquake. Lovely.
Poor visual experience (screen is far too busy) combined with advertising that confuses the user..
great app but its a little shaky at times..
I really like the messages and the map graphics..
Love it, Up to the minute updated earthquake info..
super tool I have alert the day of 7.1 in California and I fell it the Arizona 5,4 same day thanks very helpful app.
App wants permisson to access devices files so a big thumbs down. Seriously why do you need to access people files to get earthquake notifications..
great app! very reliable, still learning features.
I am impressed with how quickly the earthquakes are posted, time and magnitude but I can't figure out the map..
when i open the app, a blank white page covers everything.. making ap useless.
This can easily detect and determine yhe exact place and time which an earthquake does happen.
This program is very informative..more than useful.
Very fast and informative of Earthquakes happening all around the world..
one of the best applications for earthquake monitoring.
its great to be able to use mag levels for notifying me..
Good app easy to use.
not now because we have poor phone signals. despite of that i like the app much..
pretty good i wish the map feature was a little faster to load.
Liked it fairly well until the new permissions came out. I deleted it due to those permissions..
I would like to see on the world map the names of the countries and states besides that is very well-managed thank you.
Is a good app , easy to use , real time info, recommend !!!!.
app is freezing and has been this way for weeks.
works good. wish the updates were quicker in time..
The earthquake on the 4th of July.. Was very accurate.. I would recomend this app to everyone. Very good spp. Download it and try it.. You won't be disappointed.....
This awesome program I love the map locator..
You'll need to update the app to give warning after an earthquake my app did not give warning..
little slow in reporting like 20 min after the event!.
It works. I could probably give it a 5 if I were a geologist and knew a little more about what was happening. But I am just a guy interested in science and I find this app interesting..
Technically impressive , YET extremely UI unfriendly ... so much so ... I deleted..
Accurate earth quake tracker! Very informative.
Abdulty a perfect in real time..
Makeb sure you adjust all the settings to what u want or u will be getting alerts all the time.
Love this app - even if its driving my husband crazy! .
Great App. Accurate and Quick.
Accurate and very easy to use.
Best way to be alert and be prepared for the worst ..
We just had a 4.1 quake 1 hour ago, and so far it did not show..
can give you 5 seconds advice before the first shock wave..
Great Earthquake Tracker with voice notifications.
not as great as i thought. maps don't zoom good.
love it. works well. gives great information..
Best one I've found yet. And I've been using this kind of app for a decade now. This one is my favorite! .
Better if this app has wind map and volcano eruption too.. .
super app.. but india scale earthquake it ll not uptated.......
too much ads too little mapping.
How to stop notifications exept My Zones? Uninstall.
very helpful for detecting earthquakes and tsunamis.
Good app for follow local Earthquakes and world wide quakes.
best tracker for earthquakes out there!.
very helpful for peace of mindfulness.
A GOOD APP LIKE THE VOICE IT'S GOOD TO HEAR REPORTS .
very helpful and loads quickly .
real and up to date always . great app .
Simple to used and informative!.
I have followed earthquakes for over a year now This is the best app I've found.
Great app. Precision on alert.
easy to use & detailed.
very helpful everytime feel a jolt or tremor ..
I would like it even more if it included a bit of explanation for usage..
Exceptional and unnerving app..
Gets really interesting when you can see earthquakes close to home..
Good. I use it because apparently I live right on the San Andreas Fault Line..
pretty good app to get earthquake alerts.
great app and fast information.
It is the best app for tracking earthquake.
Very fast and accurate.
This app help me alot to give advice for other people regarding world condition in generally..
Would like to be able to pick were i get up dates about and the distance relative to my location in miles n feet also with background info for further understanding.
Gives updates within minutes!.
too much ram no magnitude setting easily found.
New Zealand is on all the time..
I like this app a lot..
excellent app!! keeps me very well informed.
VERY GOOD APP IT'S VERY INFROMATIONAL LIKE THE VOICE TELLING THE QUAKES GREAT APP .
Real time. Good app to let us know where and where the soonest asao..
I live on an island on the water. This app is mandatory for survival. Very powerful..
Very good app for earthquakes!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!.
seems accurate can adjust to your time.
enjoy using this app, as I have friends living within the ring of fire. it's great !.
app can be moved to external SD memory.
great app, very useful tool!!.
This is realtime great awesome app.. Keep up the good work sir.....
This app tells me what I want to know and no stuffing around its quick to the point I love it ..
These Latest quakes are NOT in central California. maps need more options.
Great app very easy to use.
Could use a few more details, like has there been a tsunami warning issued after an earthquake..
It is a good app..
best one so far. 5/5 stars all the way..
never did know that they was happening that much. Very informative!.
It works and it's very good to have!.
never new there was so many earthquakes going on.
pretty close to time notification of earthquakes..
takes advertising to a whole new level....
it's keeping me informed in the real time, in any event of earquake.
It does what you would expect. very powerful info at your fingertips..
Who want alerts for earthquakes in Turkey.
accurate information. nice app i love it..
I love it. Great job guy's.
Very good thanks.
It keeps the latest earthquakes in the forefront of the news..
i think its bad because it asks for a email from you and thats pretty much your information and that's not necessary.
Try this Earthquake Tracker your going to love it..
With the recent activity in CA, it has been great.
Excelent and accurate source of information.
very informative, and accurate!.
So far is the best app..
Nice application. Ilove the voice.
Accurate and useful.
I've only had this app a few days. still trying to figure it out..
Please mention distence from me...
gives your phone AIDS, sex popups and such. actually works well though haha.
Love the real time posts..
Great thetes a quake every few seconds.
sometimes its hard to set up your settings.
Very informative & right on time.
It's so fun looking at the earthquake I give it a 5-5.
Great app I love staying informed....
very useful and informative.
easy and free.
I never get alerts..
great for quick updates..
simple and works well....
late. noisy commercials..
great would be better if in real time.
informative and great ui.
The time and date is off by almost a day.
The best app for earthquakes!.
Informative and Timely..
quite accurate. But I wish you could tell us before earthquake happens, it'll help lot of peeps. and tonight after big one, lots of aftershocks happened. From 26 sept - 12 nov, 2140 aftershocks..
Good for visual people like me ....gives you a good idea of energy movment .
A great way to stay aware.
Great app, a must..
Great app, love it..
Was not reporting earthquakes inside the U.S., so I uninstalled..
I like it, learning a lot from it.
very good . always read.
Great at letting me know where earthquakes are happening.
It's the best app yet it covers anything.
I don't want all planet alerts..
Would be a five but can't change and save quite hours.
Best quake app I've used yet.
Keeps me in touch with earthquakes and volcanoes.
Love knowing what's going on all over the world.
Very helpfull application.
Very precise app..
very pleased with app.
Great way to monitor unrest..
Its a imformative easy app to use.
I get notifications from all over the globe!.
It keeps me informed locally by the minute, and world wide. Thank you.
gives me a pretty good idea what's happening in my region.
Fantastic I really enjoy the information.
Above and beyond!!.
Too much information wanted on your terms and conditions I don't want to give 3rd people party people all the information you want to give them your terms are a whole page that's BS. If you want to send stuff to my location that's fine but your terms and conditions are ridiculous I'll use another app. you simply want too much information..
Only want my zone alerts.
Good so far..
Very interesting app.
Stay up too date!.
Great up to date information.
Once you're used to it.
it is very helpful app.
Very good app..
LIKE THE VIOCE BUT CAN SOUND STRONGER OH MY BUT GOOD APP.
very informative and amazing.
I love this app I think the best so far.
very good and useful.
Nice great information.
I like it..
Is great app.
Im getting light earthquakes every hor, (between 2.2 and 2.7) almost every your,in western Turkey want to know if it's really going on? if so it's very accurate then,we had 5.5 last week caused damages.
Informing,good details.
Handy app to prep for the big one.
very helpful app.
Too complicated to get started..
my girlfriend is on vacation in Florida and this is a way for me to keep a check on her and the earthquakes around her. live the app.
Really keeps you updated regarding earthquakes around the world ..
Alot of activity around the world! It makes you wonder how long planet earth is going to last!.
The distance seems to be won't with my location, I'm in Waynesboro Pa. and i know other places aren't just a few miles away.
Kps me up to date as i live near the New Madrid fault line. I appreciate the app very much..
app is very helpful.
I APPRECIATE YOU KEEPING TRACK OF ALL EARTH QUAKES ZAZA WAXHAPPENING IN THE WORLD,SPECIALLY IN PUERTO RICO.THANK YOU FOR THEGOOD JOB..
It's ok. There are better apps..
once a big quake set off, i go to youtube to see hanyou23's live streaming -if it will be recorded..
Need IOS version of this application help me with thanks.
I LIVE IN LOS ANGELES. EXTREMLY ACCURATE. HIGHLY RECOMANDED. THANKYOU DEVELOPER....
Like it. Gulf of Mexico one was a complete surprise.
It keeps me in the know for my daughter that lives in Alaska.
I downloades because where I live we just had two big earthquakes on July 4th and 5th.
Had it for a couple of weeks and so far it's great!.
I think that this app is very good..
Works real good told us all about the big earthquakes we had.
its good to hear what the earth is telling us.
Keep track of tremors.
Educacional in regard to show the facts around the planet earth.
Just started using it so right now I like it.
I give you more, it must be 1/4 star..
to difficult to show earthquakes by distance.
Love it especially living on the West Coast.
very useful app.
It tracks earth quakes. Good job..
tells me right where the action is!.
This is good app.
complete and accurate.
Easy to understand..
I love this app.
trying to understand it not very easy.
This app is amazing.
great way to stay away of these threats.
I love it I had on idea the amount perday.
The best tracker so far.
very helpful and informative.thank you..
So far, so good! I am happy with it!.
Shows me what other apps won't..
Does great so far nothing wrong..
Interesting on information.
I like it, great app.
very good . I recommend it.
Good for earthquakes.
Great! Thank you!.
it's very informative thank you.
Good information so far very good.
lets me know what is going on.
usefull tool to know the earth crust dynamicity.
I LIKE THE VOICE & IT'S HELPFUL.
love it so,usefull.
It's ok for me..
appreciate this app for its notifications.
i would to have a silent button.
I dont understand this thing.
horrible if could give 0 stars I would.
Thanks for your app..
Make it better and lighter.
i get the latest info great app.
Enjoy being up to date.
works as described,.
works very well..
it's a good app.
it has been accurate.
3 mins behind actual time for alaska.
Exactly what i needed.
I love this app..
Nothing to say.
Couldn't get any better..
An eye opener wrt ring of fire.
Does the job..
it's great.
just what i was looking for.
really like it.
doesnt show my 6.5 mag..
Need one I can read easyyyy.
on time with Samsung S5.
Onmark, precides learned alot about esrthquakes.
fun to watch.
Good so far.
Nice reporting service.
Good for warning.
i like it..great.
real good stuff.
very timly reporting..
King and God.
good so far.
It's great.
excelent adviser of earthquakes.
very good app.
GOOD' information.
like this app.
l a m Alaska earth quake survived.
well rounded app.
Love it, Love it, Love it..
really help full.
Late on Earth quake.
It's a very good app. Very helpful. .
very impressive.
Very nice.
Great app.
Great.
Great.
You will find that there is a great many more earthquakes than you thought. Suprizing.. eventually turned off the voice notify. Due to to many reports. BUT. Still fascinating stuff in a very good app. The only gripe is the large area covered by the info box on the map. Needs less info. Most of the info in the box could be on its own info page. now its may 2019, and I have tried a few others, but still use this one. Edit, since this review, the info box is now much better and smaller, ideal..
useful application.
Still awesome.
Good app.
So interesting!.
Great app.
Works great.
Miserable.
Useless.
.
Great.
Very well.
Power apps.
Love this app has always been my go to app but now you have removed pretty everything unless I go to a paid version So sad.
Nice.
I like it.
Tremendo.
Good.
Stop asking me the. Same question..stop with the 3yr old stuff one time is enough ...thank you have a delicious day...but all in all we need this being we live on the lerz...
Muy buena esta aplicacion  recomendado.
Me gusta mucho esta applicaaio..
So far OK.
Tracks precise location of event.
Love this apps the best for me.
,GB. X.
Ok..
Great app!!.
Ehh.
Ok.
Everything.
Ok.
Great app..
Good apps..
Informative app. .
Great !.
Awesome!.
Excellent!!.
Great app.
So helpful.
Good app.
Amazing apps.
Nice apps.
Well informed.
Excellent APP.
Excellent resource.
Very accurate.
Good.
Informative.
Accurate.
good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Great.
Good.
Good.
Excellent.
Good.
Thankful.
Nice.
Love it.
Excellent.
This application was wonderfull. I liked the ability to customise the alerts, the sounds and have it quietly sit and monitor the sighing of the earth. Very important app for me, as I live in an area that has already had a devestating tsunami in 2004. Thank you developers. Now can you fix the drunk womans voice back to the normal one please?.
Highly recommended..
l.p..
Very Usefull...
GREAT.
Excellent.
Thank you..
Great tool..
Good.
Good.
very good app and voice message also. thank you.
works well,.
extremely real.
Good app to have..
infirmative, quick.
outdtanding.
ok.
love it!.
Loving it!.
good trAcker.
Great app.
great app.
very descriptive.
Super Great.
cool app.
Good apps.
excellent...
great.
useful.
nice.
great.
Good.
good.
Good.
This is an awesome app.
spot on.
ugh.
hate it.
Great app.
great sight.
interesting.
great app!.
I loved this app before they wanted permissions to everything else on my phone! Even when I disagreed to allow it they still took access to everything. It was really too bad because I really enjoyed the app and the alerts!.
not bad.
it works.
Likes to recycle the change log..
Ok.
Best!.
Great stuff.
great.
nice.
wonderful application .
good.
nice.
nice apps.
nice apps.
always updated.
Very informing.
well done .
Excellent apps.
nice.
latest ver: now it throws 'server error' and nothing is updated [...than the website of our official state institute for earth physics, done by a limited company paid with taxpayer money, that doesn't even work properly when you freakin' need it. ].
good.
Super easy to use and pretty awesome to see all earthquakes across the globe. Update: April 2019.. this new voice sounds very creepy. Can we have the older version voice back?.
dope.
very good.
v good.
Excellent! .
Sweet!!.
very good.
brilliant thanks.
good app.
very good.
good app.
nice.
informative.
great.
great.
great.
4.6 in Alberta, Canada, doesn't rate a mention. Makes this app useless to me..
good app.
great app..
good.
cool.
GOT GOOD ALERTS VOICE AND OTHERS TOO KEEP IT UP.
ok.
good app.
excellent!.
.
awesome information.
very informative.
great app!.
excelente.
Well, I'm still new with the app. I gave it 5 stars thinking that it me not knowing what the heck I'm doing. To me it's kinda difficult. You guys have one for dummies.? Lol Update 10/25/18. Ok I have a few disappoints 1. I selected the date for when an EQ happenes. Well it appears that the most recent EQ'S are on the bottom & not on the top of the list. 2. I selected for the alerts to be vocal, sometimes it works & sometimes not quite frustrating. I know about the quite times between 11pm &8am. Since I'm still new to this app. Maybe the lack of instructions is the problem & half mine. I wish the Dev's can advise. If I can master this I want to get the paid version. But all in all it's a pretty good app. Oh I'm on an android. Thank you.
No real instructions for use so slowly learning what it will do and how to 
back out of changes I didn't want. The news source button is really cool if 
I was looking for addition information ..
Very laggy, can't zoom in or out. Used to be good app until a recent app. 
Also can't move around the map anymore due to lag. reinstalled and same 
results..
Good app. Would be great if it was actually worldwide. You guys miss out a fair few quakes, when they happen. There was a couple in the UK this week, but not one mention of them on your app..
Fast notificacin and now the coverage is much better than before. The America's are well covered now. Thank you. I like the maps. They show the area where you can see exactly where in the world it is happening. No need to expand or diminish the screen..
this app is great. alerted me of 8 mag quake 3 minutes after it happened in alaska. was able to load my rig with gear and on the road before our local tsunami alarm sounded..
Kept asking for permission to share additional personal data with them and I always decline, but this time after it asked and I declined, it thanked me afterwards, for agreeing and to change my decision I have to share my email! UNINSTALLED and rating reduced..
Worked as promised, within 2 min. I use voice notification in the day and 
voice silence at night. So far so good on Galaxy S6 and new S9..
Worked untill a month ago, now when I click on the icon it says "application not istalled" although it is and sends alerts sometimes and eats my data.. galaxy s6.. everything on my phone is up to date.
I like that it enables you to be alerted of local quakes of one magnitude and quakes around the world at a different magnitude. What I don't like is that it gives the location in general terms, such as "Southern California" rather than "50 miles NW of Los Angeles.".
It gives up to the minute on the earthquakes right within the minutes. Extremely accurate..
Very up to date. I know when a high magnitude quake hits before its even on the news. Make sure you adjust your settings and alerts correctly so you get everything the app offers. Love it..
For a person like me that travel in Latn Amrica and Europe in countries 
that tremble is a very important aplication, in case I need to run lol.
Data sheet having over righting of text which is not readable.
This is such a great App... you won't regret! I thank you so very much to the creators of this app since its been so helpful ...
Hey guys, no earthquakes from my country are being reported( Trinidad and Tobago). Had one yesterday but no reporting. Otherwise great app..
Quick & informative info. When we shake here in CA get details right 
away... .
The ads are getting real irritating..
Great app! The antipode map is fabulous, you can literally see how deep ones are connected and get your own conclusions !.
Reliable. I like the voice warning but it would be so good if this voice 
doesnt appear when we're on a phone call.
I find this app to be accurate and enjoy seeing the data in near times, 
along with the depths and magnitude..
Good app it is a little slow but what do you want for free.
Great sometimes has annoying ads but an interesting app..
Great for anyone living in Southern California, especially if you just moved here..
Ability to zoom in/out whilst viewing a quake spot would improve it immensely .
I like this app very much very interesting on how many there really is 
around the world this is really a app to have.
Really enjoy this app.. even the notifications are great...
I love this thing..but any geek would.
Tried all the others and this is the best. Schadenfreude at its best..
It's the Shiznik!.
I like that it let me know with voice information and it gives the time..
love it living in bali it gives me all I need to know.
I like it!.
Thanks it is better than the one I was using...
Very useful ,thank you and keep up good work :).
Thank you for a quality geo-weather tracking application..
sangat membantu sekali . . ..
It helps to be informed. Works great for my needs.
Loads quickly to show you what you wanna see!.
Most interesting in ongoing earth changes.
The best app for earthquakes.
Usefull ,uptodate app with warning system !.
Great App keep up the good work.
Responsive app...
Like app.
Easy to use ,with accurate visuals..
Thank you.
Seems to work great for me..
A good app, helpful.
So far so good.
Good apps. Thanks.
Good... but not instant messaging.....
Love the antipode feature.
the best EQ app.
Very good!!!.
very informative..
mantab.
Ecellent.
Ok.
Suck.
Yeah.
Awesome...thanks!!!!.
.
.
Helpfull apps.
Quick updates.
Fast reporting.
nice interface.
outstanding application.
Awesome app.
Great app.
Great app.
Good Application.
Easy to use.
Good app.
Very helpfull.
Excelent.
Best.
brilliant.
Good.
Good.
good.
wonderful.
fun.
Fantastic.
Good.
I turned off the vibrate on notifications and it still vibrates. Please fix..
I like receiving the alarms of the Earthquakes higher than 5.0.
Thank you for fixing its so quick..
Like knowing what's happening in out back yard.
Very informative and accurate with timely updates.
Good.
I have 2 days that I can not see norhing, do you have problems it is not 
workimg.
Good app..
Very comprehensive and complete. Educational as well..
I would have given it 5 stars if i could figure out how to monitor 2 
places, overseas where i work and home..
It has accurate info and graphs amd maps are just greate..
I've been using this for about 2 weeks now. Unbelievable the information it 
has given to me. This has truly been very interesting..
Great to be able to configure it so I only get relevant info.
Very informative..
Very useful.
Not able to set setting, to complicate.
This app no longer works.
I have really enjoyed this app..
Great and detailed information...
Great info..
Good one.
Great app.
BAD NO BSJEN ESTS APP. Pregunta.... para que necesitan acceso a las fotos personales de los usuarios. Que tienen que las fotos personales de los usuarios para que esta app funcione. Una cosa no guarda relacin con la otra.  Esto es un app de terremotos o de recopilar informacin personal de los usuarios incluyendo sus fotos para crear terremotos. Mmmm parece rato y sospechoso. Huele a pescado.....
Good info but sloppy presented. Dialog boxes have too much useless information. For example seeing the history of measuring earthquake magnitude each time you click on an event is stupid. I would have purchased the app if I knew it was going to get cleaned up.  Confirmed while witnessing earthquakes in Taiwan it's slow to update. Earthquakes app is better and can select USGS which is fast to report..
This is the best ever its a must have. Awesome job best app out there highly recommended 2 everyone.. Download, set up and b amazed with how many quakes r happening that the news don't tell us abt.
It's a bit difficult trying to sift through all the information to find a specific geographic location without using GPS. However, I like the steady near real time data that comes in and it's accuracy. Keep up the good work, even the USGS hasn't given a detailed app like this....
I would like to see all quakes even the smallest.  I'd also like to visually see the mag on the map and not have to click on it. Some quakes stay up for days on the map while newer ones disappear. Not sure what that's about. This app is great. It notifies you of quakes of your choosing and gives great detail. But doesn't give alk quakes. I use several different methods of finding all quakes..
The layout could be polished up a bit, once you figure out where everything is it's fantastic but first navigation does require some exploring. Other than that I think it's perfect, it has a setting for anything I could ask for, easy to read details, and a clean UI. I LOVE this app..
Keeps sending useless notifications of non-earthquakes in Japan, and the notifications don't show up in the notification bar, only within the app.  Completely useless app..
Great app. Lots of settings to get the info you want. My only complaint, I just wish it was faster at reporting events. Probably not the fault of the app..
I'm still trying to figure it out. It's amazing just how many earthquakes happen every day. Thanks for the app..
The view/dismiss bar takes up too much room. Shrinks the map views and info boxes..
This app is not true to reality .When you report the Real earthquakes   let me know..
It is good but i have heard alerts of earthquakes near me 40 minutes after they actualky occured. Does it alert in real time?.
Cool app showing where seismic activity takin place around the world.  Just got it for information..
Does exactly what it says on the tin!  We had just felt a quake,  and within 30 seconds I received the details via the app!.
Tells me 3-4 minutes after a quake. Gives distance in meters. I like the 
map showing where I am in respect to the quakes..
Could not for the life of me figure out how to make all notifications and 
alerts SILENT! TURN OFF SOUND! .
It is fantastic it gives you up to the minute information on my phone about global earthquakes when and where they happen and what magnitude they are I would recommend it to other people who are interested in earthquake tracking.
This app sent me a warning about an earthquake in the Caribbean before my local government did. Love the voice announcer. This app is awesome!.
Your app is the best i have ever used. It is easy to use and the voice 
notification is fantastic to get your attention. The information you 
provide on location of and strength of the earthquake is awesome..
At least it post all earthquakes unlike other earthquake apps..
I monitor global volcanic and quake activity real time as I live in a high risk zone in WA.  This the best phone app I have found..
Unbelievable the number of quakes per day globally! Great information!.
I have no other earthquake apps to compare it to. Still trying to figure it all out. Would like to be able to limit it to, say, a 2000 mile radius of where I live..
Love the map.  Like to check on quakes around my location..
Got this app by accident and I am hooked? Just  fascinating.
Once you dismiss the proximity and the magnitude you can't get it back.
Always amazed how many quakes are constantly happening. This is so informative. Love it!.
I would like to change the voice announcer, for a female. Could someone help me? The best app so far.
I have enjoyed finding out how many earthquakes happen every day and the unusual places where they occur..
I live in California. This app is awesome!!  It helps some of us ( Mom)   feel a little more secureThank you!.
I think this is the best earthquake application that's available thank you so much.
Best of it's kind that I have used. Most I pretty much uninstall in matter of minutes. I've had this one over1.5+ yrs.
Insufficient loud. Almost no sound.
Is very important to be informed because the great day of Jehovah is near and when we'll see the biggest earthquake in history that's it..
Me encanta la aplicacion te da las notificaciones en tiempo real con tono y voz.
I am not certain there is even that many earthquakes going on withbrhe magnituses listed. But I will find out..
We had a 4.6 earthquake in tje city i live and this app has no record of it so its not accurate..
Its a great app. I really cant believe there are that many earthquakes every day. Kinda makes you wonder..
Great job and very informative. I recommend this app for anyone who wants 
to know what is happening around the world of earthquake's..
Thank you,this app is varey good      .
It is just so interesting and informative; being notified of the world's seismic activity....
I really like it, lets me know what's happening around the world. Thanks.
Maybe it's me but I can't figure out how to Only get info on My  area.  Don't really care about Africa..
Very good app lets me know when there a hole lot of shaking going on.
The app works well I wish you had more control over turning off the 
notifications.
It's interesting to see how active earthquakes have been around the world..
I'd try many others but have to say this is my favorite one. Good work team..
can't use app without agreeing to their terms..
Still trying to get used to it.
Great Earthquake App!!.
Me gusta su reporte es uno de los mejores.
I like it. It does for me what I need..
It only needs to stop sending alerts for old events .
Great app. Giving real time updates and detection of earth quakes..
NICE JOBCOLOR SCHEME  IS ERFECT FOR SCALE REFERENCE I LIKE IT THANKS.
Keeps up with all the earths movement's and does a great job of telling me about them !!.
The app works as promised. A must have !.
Really good app keeps updating about earthquakes around the world.
You get real time alerts throughout the the world, which is very useful. Great app..
Very good to have I recommend getting this on your phone tablet or  laptop yes a must have.
The info on the quake is accurate and as the events happen keep up the good work.
It gives me the information I require..
Its does its job on the go.
Keeps me up on the world. And home.
Great way to get prepared in those situations..
I like this app.Its real sci fi!.
User interface is rather clumsy but accurate.
I'm new with this app,tell you latter..
I enjoy seeing where the rumblings happen.
I am new to this app. I am just learning it. It is fascinating but I I'm far from mastering it.
The best real time app out there at the moment. Loving it's detail..
Being earthquake country It' great to be able to keep track of them..
If sending alerts based on country, it would be great. Thank you.
A very useful app if your looking for a place to call home;).
Very accurate and instant reporting..
Smash it against the wall.
I think this earthquake app is pretty good it works great for me .
Fast, accurate, easy to use, and not overrun with ads (thank you)..
This app is the best earthquake tracking app I have seen.  Thanks.
Lime ontime notifications..
Verry good app but needs to report more in Oregon and Washington.
You can see activity any where in the world in actual time this is awesome.
Could use a few tweaks, but overall great app!.
For earthquakes alerts, exelent..
I'm using this for a Tsunami.
Im new with this type of app. But so far very good.m.
Really it's a nyce app..
I live close to New Madrid fault I want to know what is going on with the fault.
Let's me know what I want to know in a timely fashion.  Yup..
Great app for keeping an eye on Earthquake activity.
It's a good app. Meets my needs for the most part..
My favorite of the earthquake tracker apps that I have!.
This app is real time and is easy to understand. I love it..
Works very well.
Good updates. I love the voice earthquake alert Text..
Great app so accurate, and easy to use, A+.
I'm really happy with this app. Great Job!.
Needs a good alarm when earthquake happen.
Awesome app to track earthquakes..
Very good app it will play through telephone.
Very useful layout, one of the better apps..
Great for seeing where the moon is in relation to my country. Great app..
Does exactly what it says it does, good app.
It's awesome, I have no complaints.
First time user I think it's great.
We'll  done.
Very good pls setting easy tnx.
It's cool report and make us aware...
Great if you're an earthquake follower..
Good app.helps me a lot and can be better..
Great app. Surely one of the best in store..
Fabulous app with voice Alerts. Really great app..
It's amazing what's happening around the globe!.
Keeps Currant activity in real time..
Aweeeeeeeeeeesome!.
Thank you this app is soooo cool!!.
It's a good app for earthquake tracker.
Really great info and love the maps!!.
Accurate and immediate. Easy to read. Easy to use. Options available..
very precise good job ....very helpful ....i love the voice announcer.
Work's great. God Bless us all..
It's an informative app. Thank you...
Absolutely! Must have app..
Would like to have a really regionalisation.
Perfect but needs more option.
need to be quicker or faster your behind.
Keeps me informed here in Hawaii.
Information IN a timely manner!.
This app is freaking awesome!.
 .
Not sure.
Does the job.
Use it daily.
 .
Nice to have & be alert what is around the earth.
Easy, real time information..
Great for receiving quick notices..
It is interesting to see data..
It's good and can be better.
The earthquake tracker is good.
thank you so much.
An extremely useful app.
Works wonderfully and impresses everyone.
Awsome for my needs..
To me it's useful.
Super,best app.
It a good app..
It's great app.
Great app !!! I loved it!!!.
It's great app.
It's great!.
Cool app!.
Awesome app!.
Eaay to understand... great.
Great app!!.
J a accurate and Updated.
Very useful app.
Very informative and precise.
A good app.
I love it I love it!.
No.
Ok.
.
Ok.
Like it.
.
.
It's great.
It's good..
Good app..
Its cool..
Great!.
Great!.
Excellent!.
Fantastic!.
Not bad.
Good app.
Great app.
very useful.
Excellent information.
Perfect Thanks.
good app.
Useful app.
Best app.
useable apps.
Scary......
Nice app.
Helpful application.
So cool.
Nice app.
Great app.
Very helpfull.
Pretty fun.
Love it.
Good.
Good.
Awesome.
Good.
perfect.
Excellent.
Good.
Informative.
Perfect.
Helpful.
Good.
Awsome.
Excelente aplicacin, reporta cualquier sismos y puedes usar filtros para que te informe de los que ms te interesen. Altamente recomendable si vives en una zona ssmica..
It cool I live in San Andreas I wanna make sure a big one knocks me out.
Crashed immediately.
Nice.
Looking great, but I could not figure out how the sorting works. Ideally I'd like to see a sorted list with the closest events to selected location, or the latest within some radius, or the strongest within some radius. The built in search thing doesn't seem to be doing this, seems to only be jumping to the latest event, strongest, etc. No sorting. Also: please allow to choose the map as the startup screen, for noobs like me..
Notification beeps constantly with no way to shut off except close app entirely; server is constantly reported as down and won't update data; sorting results is a nightmare; consistently reports my location as Indonesia despite having GPS on..
Love this app. Great way to know what's going on under us. .
It tells me how me how large, where, and when. I hear about quakes before the news..
The voice over is annoying asf..
Just Excellent, keep me alert. Thanks.
Very good.
Need real time notification..
Needs more work!!.
Ver good app  .
real time is great.
Very good..
Love it!!!.
Great..
Fine.
I like being able to tell where the earthquakes are and how deep. My son has bad seizures with them and this helps us to know what is going on. I also like where I can put the region I want in it..
Excellent except for one thing! GPS is inaccurate by a few miles. Can you rectify this? I would then be able to give it five..
This app is way too intrusive for practical use.  This app in my book would merit a minus three stars.  I'm not saying to avoid it but but as far as local and United States hot spots such as areas like the Yellowstone and Long Valley  calderas plus the active valcanos along the Pacific Coast and Alaska.  So.......
Gives notification on a global scale of earthquake activity within minutes and frequent updates. Very useful to gain insight for the coming continent splitter ! SERIOUSLY !.
I really like this app, but was disappointed to see the earthquake we had yesterday at 9:21 am is listed as happening today. Why???.
uninformative, needs better historical graphs. Better graph legends. Needs filtering by location and magnitude. Needs data normalization!.
This app has a lot of different tools. You can see the nap and look for clusters. Best app I've found so far!.
How do you tell you made this app real-time? What communication pattern did you use here?.
It's great for if you want to quickly see all the earthquakes but if your looking for update on your area forget it.
This is a great app for knowing where earth quakes are happening and it is awesome how diverse and often the earth moves . . ..
Not as good as app I had on windows phone but ok.
This app is very useful. I like the graphics on it. Not sure if all info is real time. I use this app daily.
Fascinating app, but needs to be more selective.  Also, would love comments and observations by seismic specialists.
Could use a mapping of all seismic activity distance all together(showing combined areas).
This app is very informative in watching the patterns of earthquakes when you know the big one is always in the back of one's mind. Always be prepared..
O live on a fault so it is nice to know when the Earth is quaking..
Very informative. Let's me know whats going on around the world and in my parent's country since they live in a country proned earthquake and tsunami country..
Just luv following. Earthquakes.
Good little app, set alerts to higher warnings to get the more important earthquakes..
Nice to know when and where the earth tremors are..
Let's me know what is shaken*****.
Ground shaking stuff!.
Great app for keeping informed of the earthquakes happening around the globe..
It gives me the information I am looking for in an easy to understand form..
App works well..just what I was looking for.
Great app,  reports all earthquakes with perfect calculations and timing.  Great app..
I think it seems to work real well. Reports are clear and understandable. Easy to read..
Really interesting app. Do you have the same for Ipad (free)..
Great app! No blah blah but practical and precise!.
Does what few otjers do..
This is the best earthquake site I've ever been on thank you.
Earthquakes in diverse places and a means to know..
An improved user interface should be in the list of items for development.
Like it just the way it is.
It just works.
Michael D I like it.
Great too see whats happening atound the world.
This app is a life saver for people in Idaho.
Love this especially living in the earthquake capital of the USA.
The whole family loves this app!.
It's been very educational..
Does what it says. Very nice!!!.
Pretty good ap.  I like it..
Great app must have.
Its a very cool app.
I love you ahahaha.
Fine by me. I like it..
Enjoy this app!.
Very happy with this app.
OK.
Very good.
Great information.
Good ap.
Good app.
Good app.
Great.
Excellent.
Good.
Has great information & updates very quickly.  It has an out of memory problem  & defaults the settings & filter.Needs to be able to get rid of the information on the map when you tap the map. It goes away but as soon as you move the map it pops up again. Kind of irritating. I HAVE a GALAXY S8+ & A Galaxy Tab 4. Both have out of memory fault. Both have 32Gb of menory. I shouldn't have this problem. Please find out why & let us know how to fix it or how you will fix it..
Very good app but the new update has given a frequency and magnitude bar which is fine but the magnitude bar is maxed out at the moment and the highest quaje in last 48 hours has been 6.9 in chile which is a moderate highish quake but not justified to have bar in magnitude maxed out. I saw the bar and thought a serious 9+ quake had occurred..
Great app really like it keeps me up to date.
Nice.
Good.
Timely reporting. Trouble free and simple to understand..
good app with true information. i like it..
Great app. Complete with lots of earthquakes :) and no bugs and no crashes! So far so very good! Thanx a lot to the creator(s) and maintainers..
Exactly what I'm looking for perfect with proximity alerts for quakes within a certain distance to my location.
Surpeb! this app so accurate n I recommend it to you guys.....
Great app!!.
Very good alerts.
Its nice.
This app is good but it rarely share earthquakes from India. Ie.. above 4.5 whereas 2.3 magnitude is shared from us and other countries. Another issue is a pop-up comes while opening the map. So unable to view the location exactly where quake has occured kindly fix it. Still I give it ..
I hate the lag time it takes for reporting the quakes but if the usgs doesn't uplaod them, what can you do. The interface and alerts are helpful and intuitive. The ability to fully customize the app for exactly what I want to know is very nice..
Real time alerts are really real time. Experienced it first hand. It reported earthquake in Nevada, and mentioned the tremors would reach to my location in CA in around 5 mins and I felt tremors in 5mins. Too good..
Downloaded this app after having an unusual quake a few hundred miles from me. Now I can't stop tracking earthquake patterns lol. Interesting info. The sorting and filtering, and notification settings are very good..
Nice app but can you please include Canadian quakes in your alerts? Also am currently unable to get into settings!.
Devs: PLEASE change or allow selection of notification sound. Your choice of sound is ridiculously "cheery" given what's being noticed. Otherwise your app is perfect..
I have had several eartquake apps but this is up to date and even allows for notification sounds. I like this one the best. I have a galaxy note 3 and it works great with it plus you can click on it for more details plus see the region on earth where it is located. Luv it..
I love it way too much very informative and there are so many earthquakes on this planet I don't know how we have survived this long.
I will give 5. But come on... Had earthquake, i feel it and then after few houra saying earthquake in turkey 3 hours ago...   i wanted to know that hour. Not after 3.
I didn't know how active the tectonic plates are. You only hear of bigger ones in populated areas on the news..
Can't really get just local alerts. Yes you can set up proximity alerts but I still get alerts for south america, alaska, and all over..
I really like the fact that I can check different parts of the world to see where the repeated Quakes have been. I like to try and find a commonality..
It blows with all the commercials spam pop ups etcetera and it never is up to date you can keep it. I'ma take it off my phone..
I have used this application for about 7 months it is a great source of information. Does anyone else notice that the amount of events has increased exponentially????.
You keep NEVER reporting large quakes that the USGS has listed. Why? A 7.1 ??? Hours and hours later still not listed but I see the mag alerts  for 4.0 and proximity. ..well guess not all..
Works pretty good.  Reports the area that I need.  A little rough setting it up but I figured it out..
Constant updates.  Had to turn off audio but love having it available.
What timing. When I installed it  the voice alarm went off about an earthquake 5.3 in North Korea..
I like this app. On west coast and I'm watching! Does Canada have earthquakes????.
I'm keeping track of family on the San Andreas Fault and it's fascinating how unstable this planet is! So many alerts, but it's great..
I really like this app. The proximity alert is great. I live in a Earthquake zone since Oklahoma got fracked. You NEED this app here and it's the best one that I have found for my phone..
Reports of earthquakes all over the world usually appears on app within 10 minutes. You can choose to be notified based on quake magnitude and other preferences..
If you could have just where you got the earthquake tracker and alerts from so you don't get them from all over the world and it worked that would be good.
Work's great, lots of information, details and maps. Get this..
Highly recommended for tracking earthquakes all over the world, or just the region you live in. Minimal advertising and great options for customization..
Feeling aftershocks from Oklahoma. It Has been very accurate.
Awesome app always been interested in earthquakes and volcanoes. Know 5.2 in North Korea was probably a bomb test..
This is a shaky world, and this is a constant reminder. Complete reporting of continents on the march..
Love it except for the huge info text that blocks out the view of the earthquake and surrounding area on map..
This ap lets you see the magnitude of earthquakes & location of  volcanos.  Everytime there is an earthquake, you get an alert. Nice!.
I enjoy being alerted because live in California we never know,  I  enjoy it too  because it gives you alert all over the world which is very informative.
No problems with this. Very informative and precise. Very pleased tho the alarm could be a little different...lol.
It gives too many alerts even after deactivating all options. Where is the silent mode on this app??? I got at least 10 alerts in less than 12 hrs. The silent option should be part of this app..
Why don't you tell true readings of quakes in Oregon? We had a 5.1 offshore calif boarder and you read it as a 2.0. And posted it the next day...
Great timely reporting, felt a quake and was notified within seconds the location nearby and approx. magnitude. Event numbers were later adjusted for better accuracy..
This app does a great job.  I wish it could report by area and outline country boundaries . But it is really well thought out. I would reccommend it to anyone..
Needs better, less annoying notifications..
This app allows me to keep updated on quakes in my area with alert sounds that are easily identifiable. Thanks!.
Very quick and accurate in providing the details. It would be better if we are able to share details in FB, Twitter and other portals.Thank you.
There should be an easy way to get a location on a map..
Up to date information on Global Seismic activity....A truly brilliant tool for tracking Earthquakes. Thank you..
Sound after choosing something else? "default app sound" should be an option..
I really like the app but really am having problems with it not sending alerts when I load other apps....
Why does the app matter Luke 21:11 very instrumental in helping me inform the world on a large scale of why current tremors.
This app isn't worth downloading..
I love being connected with the geology events that shape the earth. This app lets me do just that..
Amazed at all the seismic activity!.
I wanted to find an earthquake app like I had on my iPhone but couldn't this one is an OK 2nd..
Really nice to have if you are concerned  about earthquakes..
A little noise but 100 % recommend.
I especially like the voice announcement of recent earthquakes, location and magnitude!.
Got it live it love it.
Me gusto por que te a visa al momento lo que esta sucediendo.
This app works really well, plus it has news coverage, and voice alerts. Must have app.
I wish I could only show local events and not see others.
I would get notified of a quake then it wouldn't show up in app.
Very good.  Just wish you could set it to show your location first instead of the latest..
Last update. The settings menu doesn't appear..
You can personalize the application to suit your needs! Is really good, easy.
I can't close the toggle box on the map Drive me crazy, other than that, helpful.
Won't detect my internet even though my WiFi is on and working..
Helps track with tectonic plates with associated event's.
I like knowing when and where. Thank you!.
Gives good updates of what's going on around the world in regards sysmics..
Add in some Australian info please.
A highy accurate device.I have a Galaxy neo 3 and with this it works beautifully. No complaints..
I like its ability to check multiple data sources..
A great app for immediate, up-to-date earthquake activity!!!.
Even told me when I had my earthquake in wells NV.
An informative and well designed application. Has a permanent place on all my devices..
I like exploring the earth and love watching how the world moves all day long.
Easy to use, flexible and easy to set up notification. GR8 app.
After a very long research I found exactly what I need.
Amazing to know when and where an earthquake has hit , with fair warning to be prepared  !.
Earth quakes tracker.
Really great info given .... Use all the time.
Like this app. because it's right up to date...gives all vital info....
Very helpful for knowing where the latest earthquakes are happening. Very accurate..
Only wish it gave richter scale measurement too.
I Loved it very good app must to install.
Quake alarms work quite well.  It's useful..
Great work guys. App is very well put together..
If adverts could be removed it would be perfect..
Earthquake tracker.
Keeps promoting for which text to speech to use.
Good 1 there....may u get the best everywhere.
Informacion.
It is accurate information. Great app.
Great Early Warning System i know.
Best app of earthquake tracking I have.
Voice alerts are a great plus!.
Lots of features and easy to use. Highly recommended..
Use this app to track earthquake's in the Midwest..
I really like the maps!.
This is a great app to have!.
this is a great app once you fine tune it..
Has most activity.
Love the near real time alerts.
Lots of ability to adjust levels of notification.
Updated information all over the world!!!.
Near realtime updates.  Great tool..
Very informative. Glad I have this app..
Excellent application for tracking earthquakes.
Very good, in real time!.
Earthquake Tracker.
Keeping me updated.
Very good app.
Great App Easy to use!.
Earthquake  Tracker.
Earthquake tracker.
Never miss any shaking going on ;).
Its ok.
Any news about what's going on is great.
Very useful and important for everyone..
Very good App..
Accurate all the time. Awesome.
Timely  notification.  Very reliable.
Doesn't show earthquakes in Peru.
deadly brus.
This is pretty cool app ..
Very helpfu.ll.
Good one - works ok.
very informative.
fair.
Love it quick realtime alerts.
Great app.
This is the best one yet.
Very helpful.
VERY INTERESTING APP. THANKS..
Nice app thanks..
It's great app.
Cool..
Real good tool,.
I love it!.
The best.
Better than most.
Life rescue  hero.
Thanks.
Great so far.
Keeps me informed.
Earthquake tracker.
Love it its good.
.
Live it.
Love this app..
Excellent app..
Excellent app..
Great App.
Great notifications.
Too good.
Awesome app.
Great  app.
Very good.
Great app.
Good.
Works good.
Good.
Nice.
Excelent.
Love it.
Brilliant.
Excellent.
Love it.
Good.
Nice.
Informative.
Sounded interesting. Was looking for a better app after the 5.6 OK earthquake this morning. This looked cool, but kept crashing right after opening. Not useful, so uninstalling..
Great app with good functionality. I set the thresholds for notification quite high as otherwise you get pinged every few mins..
I disabled the voice function, but still got notifications to enable text-to-speech. It got old fast..
Helps a lot!.
Watchful observer.
Keeps me up to date with notifications, and is very clear and comprehensive..
Should determine earthquake as soon as it happens....
Awesome . reliable. Accurate.
.......
The Best.
Love it.
So far, so good - let me try it a bit longer, everything works ok as far as I can see.
Awesome and always free app forever.
Very good accurate coverage.
its great!.
Great app to have. But what can you really do if there is 8.0+.. The main ues for this app, is so you can start crapping in your pants early and get that out off the way  j/k .
Does not respect input location in settings. One should not stay with location service on 24/7 so another solution would be nicer. Aslo for my region alert came 3 mins late, i believe it could be faster?.
this is a superb app for people who are concerned about their areas where they live and others they know globally . the graphs shown on this app give a precise knowledge of current happenings around our Mother, notification are also helpfull, good job..
I had heard that my area had experienced a small quake and downloaded the app to find out and was able to verify it.  My whole life,  I have been a map junkie and particularly loved the topography of the ocean floor. I've always loved learning about far away places and the alerts on this app feed my imagination and sense of wonder about our world..
No matter what filters I used, settings I made, nothing changed. Basically a convoluted list of EVERY earthquake in the world. Units changed to imperial, still displays km. Sort by distance, "unable to fix location". Sort by magnitude, nothing changes..
I've been using this app for about a month. I like that you can have a proximity alert for local earthquakes. I live about 30 to 50 miles from a hot bed of earthquakes here in Oklahoma so it is interesting to know about earthquakes in the area. Just felt the 5.1 earthquake happen today! Waited almost 10 minutes for the alert to tell me the magnitude. If I wanted to pay for the upgrade, I believe it would give the alert sooner, but since it can't predict the quakes, I don't think I need to pay for that service. Good app for me!.
This is a great app. Both my kids live in areas of the world with earthquakes, so I like to know if there is one. This app is great at keeping one informed. I like that you can adjust the sensitivity of the quakes it alerts you of..
Just need to be able to insure robot woman voice stays off at story time with my kiddos. Audio books with her interrupting can be terrifying for a six year old!.
I am no longer receiving real time earthquake alerts. Why have the app take up space if it stops doing its job..
Not only does this supply world earthquakes, the info supplied with it is priceless... my only complaint is I'm unable to get rid of the "text to voice" pop up when I open the app. It's annoying. Also noticed someone saying it's not real time. In order to have proper readings, the info coming into places like Cal-Tec, must be analyzed, which most likely is then upgraded or degraded due to parameters, depth, type of fault, etc... so 5-15 minutes is amazing..
This app does not show Ecuador earthquakes. This country is one of the countries in south amrica that has strong earthquakes. Please fix this problem lives depend on it..
This app shows earthquake alerts very fast. You must set up your alert preferences which can be a pain but we'll worth it. Love the voice alerts that work when the phone is idle..
Settings no longer work once the  intial area is picked and that area is way to large. Some filter settings not responding...not sure I will keep this...needs to be more friendly... let me set things the way I want. Since I allow ads you'd think it work better. No happy right now.
Never knew there were around 100 quaks per day around the world. Downloaded to track the Med movements as have a holiday home in the Costa del Sol Spain. Now can track daily. Thanks for a great app..
This app is awesome. Just as you settle in to relax or go to happy hour, this app scares you to death by shouting out the latest quake location and magnitude. I'm scared all the time now and happy about it..
It does the job for me. Although I may sin as a newbie, let me mention some suggestions: - be able to show earthquakes by tectonic plate. - compare historic of earthquakes by plate. - relate earthquakes to earth axis and solar system position..
Just had an earthquake here when I first woke up....maybe that's what woke me. Only a 4.2....                        So far so good on this app. Thanks  guys..
Does exactly what it states. I find the user interface a little confusing, but overall good..
As I live in Buenos Aires I don't feel tremors but I appreciate the reports as I have family in Chile. Thanks for the free version, need no more..
I like the way it shows the area how many happen daily and magnitude don't want me to read it now get out of it earthquake tracker.
I love the vocal announcements of quakes and how easy it is to customize. But it takes way too long to update and you have to keep redoing your preferences. Its still not showing a huge 5.7 quake that happened in Mexico, despite me expanding the parameters for it. Overall disappointed. It has potential to be so much better, but there are too many problems.
I rate it 5 because this app is awsome. Is not the real Time but at least I know what happen around the World. And the good thing is when it give you Alert..
Is a good app if you want to track earthquakes. You will need to adjust the alerts or at first u will be overwhelmed with them..
This is nice app. But my antivirus software places it among the high risk. It says this app uses more background data and hence more battery. Please resolve it..
This EQ tracker has quite a good set of options with alerts for distance magnitude etc. I have only one problem and that is with the voice feature. It seems to work intermittently..
I would like it more if they didn't use the USGS data. They are no longer reputable and have not reporting all the quakes. Would have given a 5..
I had set 8000 km as radius but Delhi ,myanmar and  japan earthquake was not listed in this.I'm from India. Which was 6.0 magnitude. Some problem is there with this app..
It was so creepy it would turn Notifications on and I would wake up to the voice of a autotuned girl saying the location of a earthquake when my tablet was on sleep mode I would all over my room terrified it would say stuff about earthquakes while I'm searching until I finally realize it was my tablet I thought it whould not say anything becase my tablet was on sleep mode so ya CREEPY.
Supposed to be real-time and 5 minutes later is not real-time. I will keep it but looking for additional app to give me what I want.
Great little app for tracking earthquakes across the world. You get the alert on the app before the news even breaks in with breaking news..
This App is over rated,  I was unable to change the earthquake radius, this app is excellent for those who are monitoring earthquakes 24/7 worldwide, but for those of us who needs just a local 300 miles radius this app is not good. I am uninstalling the app and use another app..
Never knew there were so many earthquakes everyday. It's interesting to see all of them..
I really like this app. It notifies me when a bigger earthquake happens. And I can look at approx they swarms are happening..
Exceptionally good APP with great information. Never knew just how many quakes there is in a day..
Like the app alot... but if it updated quicker and not 20-40 minutes later it would be HEAPS better!.
Was trying to disable alert for all but local saved and it removed all in app earthquake. Tried to go back into settings and could not.
You need this. Excellent software map is giro to pin point. Location plus megatured to which you can fix to your likeness mine is at 4.7.no higher. But you can set it up as you like. Love it won't it I'll think I'll keep it program. Well done you makers. Keep going..
I like that I can customize what events (magnitude, proximity, etc.) I get notifications for. Great app to have if living in earthquake regions or near the coast..
If you live in an earthquake pron area this is the app to have. You'll know of the quake before it happens..
Today in japan 7.1 quack recorded no elert comes from this app.
Very informative.  Keeps me updated on current earthquakes taking place in all countries around the world..
I'm very exciting about this app. To informed us where the world be occurs  earthquake..
Gives a lot of info. about each quake.  I like that it gives the location of nearby volcanoes.  It also shows where the nearest tectonic plates are.  If you turn on the voice it will tell when, where, and magnitude of, and how many minutes ago the quake happened..
I felt a quake nearby and found out all about it on the app..
This world is soon to end. This app just shows one of the prophecies the Bible has given us. It is amazing how often earthquakes are happening..
I have always been interested in the movement of my home planet earth. I am waiting for the day when we get the big one and pray that God will bless us all..
Very cool to use but only downside is that if the internet is off, the notifications are lost. I think they should appear once the net is back on.
Opens up your eye's.
Love the customizable notifications and the updates.  The reporting is great and mapping good.  Thanks!.
Can't get this app to save my settings. Ignores all changes..
It keeps you up to date on all global earthquake activities .....it is good but it would be fantastic  if a person could share on Facebook or Twitter.
Great app guy's, like how you use gmaps to show location so you can zoom into the exact spot of the EQ..
Almost 90% time server connection failed!!!.
ROBOT that TALKs to U ALLA TIME !.
I want to limit the detection to the state of Oklahoma..
The appvis excellent. You can filter the magnitude, it tells you exact details and distance from your location. Highly recommended..
 .                .       .
Great info besides weather apps, especially if you travel the world.
Has a lot of earthquake it notifys.
It is really good I like it because it lets me know where all the earthquakes are and if there's a tsunami coming from them..
It said severe error.
Shook my world.
It's good to have. Keep me aware of what's going on world wide and I don't have to depend on the media for info..
Location if quake should be available....for example closest city or county.
Very important app,I especially love the voice notifications.The best earthquake app I have tried.No reason to ever look for another one.
Had no idea so many earthquakes world wide.  Great maps, data and announcements.  Just cool..
Great earthquake tracking device.
LIVING ON OAHU, HAWAII, IT'S GREAT TO KNOW WHAT IS GOING ON AROUND PACIFIC!.
This is a great tool for those of us that like to keep track of this type of activity. Keep up the great work!.
May change opinion later after some use..
Gave me immediate and accurate results. Thank you!.
Can't wait for CA to fall off..
.
Works well. Interesting to follow. I had no idea how many quakes a day were recorded. Cool app..
Why there is no data from Central America? This is a really cool app but missing that part of the world!.
This is very nice app.fast from news network.must download it if u want update every minute.
I want to see activities of yesterday but it's not possible it's not free.
Earthquake Tracker I ever had  do you have a aps for Windows phone.
Round the clock informations are given and updates about the magnitude is amazing. Keep up doing the good jobs..
Perilous times we are in this is a stellar app ! A must to upload awesome app.
Want less global quake data and more local data. I live in Earthquake prone California..
Dot shows up on the top of my screen when a earthquakes happen..
Notify the latest quake's by voice     even n sleep mode, Great App..
Very good app if u track quakes & the san andreas fault line.
Good. Only issue is the settings do not stay long..
I listen and watch locations .  It is a very interesting app about earth.  The grafics are 1st rate,.
I really like it it keeps you informed about the earthquakes all over the globe that's what I like the best.
Its a good app but the notification are after about at least 30 minutes from the earthquake... I think the notification should be right after the earthquake.
Informative with interactive map, zoom, depth and magnitude. Proximity alert was a cool feature. Thanks.
Hate the adds.....
I just downloaded this. I don't see where I can adjust settings and notifications..
Able to adjust the alerts and notifications.  Fast and accurate. Good to monitor the end of the World..
I think it gets 3 and a half stars.
I have to reset constantly and i get notified long after the quake.
Doesn't zoom fully.
Great app, though a bit noisy..
The best earthquake tracker, updates quickly, very informative..love this app!.
Chevere pero me gustaria me muestre en tiempo real.
Could be better if the ad free version wasn't so much.
So good I get the text before I feel the quake.
Map doesn't show most recent additions..
I like the voice notifications and the zoom maps.
It's good. Though a bit late response but effective I guess...
Hello, can this app detect the earthquake in Sabah, Malaysia?.
Life saver.
Very interesting to watch the activity! Stats would be nice! Perhaps something to think about?.
First earthquake app that works well for me. Huawei Mate 7.
App has many nice features and seems to be  very accurate..
Like the updates...especially the upgrade/downgrade of magnitude..
I like it. Would like to see radius rings, but not a must..
Good for my samsung J7 phone to install for important apps...
Earthquake tracker.
As above.
Living in California it works for me.
Johnny on the spot.
I love the details keeps me very informed..
This earthquake tracker is very convenient especially the audio notification..
Cool app if your into knowing how our rock functions.
Current Data....always providing the latest data...very impressed..
Missing Lots Of Alerts....
Number one choice.
Toddster thanks you guys very informative application you have there.
Doesn't keep presets.
Earthquake Tracker is the best!!!!.
Earthquake Tracker !!.
OK works.
Very good up to date information.  Would recommend..
Its really very good apps...
Outstanding app.  On the spot earthquake notifications..
It is the best one out.Easy to understand .Lots of information..
Es muy preciso, is fantastic.
Great app, visually and functionallly..
So far being very informative.
Does just what it says it will do...works great!.
This is the best app.. you need to install this one.
Loving the updates. Still room for improvement though..
Best thing in the world.
Does everything I want..
Fascinating to see how active our planet really is!.
it doesn't open.
Thanks for a well done app. Love how it works..
Good app!.
Real time alert is missing!!.
Alerts takes too long..
Best one out there.
Specially after the recent update!.
Simple to use. Accurate information..
Gives me real time information. Enjoy it..
Like the app..
Very nice and very reliable app.
Liked it!!  Worked great right away!.
Works great.
Like  this  apps....
Love the notifications!.
Cool app!  Very informative.
Earthquake tracker.
Earthquake alert.
Retired.
Earthquake Tracker.
Justo Vera.
Earthquake Tracker.
Earthquake Tracker.
Soild app.
Enough information.
Good app but hard to setup.
Very useful!.
Great alerts. I love this app..
Easy to use. Provides good detail..
Does just what I needed it to..
Server error.
Like this..
Great app!.
Great app.
Thank u.
Lots of fun.
Handy tool for those with an interest.
Great app works well.
This app is very accurate.
Nice app.
Very fast.
The best..very happy with this app...
Dude dude dude.
Vvvry good.
,,+.
Very good!.
Love this app!.
And faultless.
Just trying.
Perfect.
Good app.
Very informative.
I love this one.
very informative.
Good informative app.
Good app to keep.
Awesome App!!!.
Good,....real good.
Awesome!.
Fabulous!.
Great!!!.
Good app.
Fascinating.
Great app.
Good App.
Interesting information.
Seems to be great.
Very informative.
Excellent.
Very interesting.
Cool app.
Great app.
Works great.
Very useful.
Nice app.
Crap.
Works Good.
Handy...
Excellent.
good.
Excellent.
Amazing.
Interesting.
Useful.
Interesting.
Great.
Excellent.
Good Interface,Smooth,Every News related with earthquake. Nice Alert system.
So far so good time will tell.
I like this application.
Works well..
Very up to date. Accurate to a few minutes. Family in southern & northern California..confident i will know right when the big one hits..
Great app! Nice to be so well informed. Easy to use and the app looks great! Love it!.
I live in alaska and I love this app. It is as close to real time as you can get..
works well, thank you..
I have 3 apps and this one is the fastest.
Good app,informative,like the voice notification, and easy to use..
Wish notifications were faster..
I like it, and I will upgrade one of these days. Regards..
How do I set the app to the US only?.
I love this and with the voice it is so cool i just sit and listen wow great job.
This app is interesting and a must for geology lovers and those who live in earthquake ares.
Best one out there!.
Very interesting. I enyoy having the information!.
His hands.
It's really great to hv this app. Thank u.
It is awesome better get it, its great.
Going to Nepal later and this is a great help.
Earthquake Tracker is completely adaptable to my needs.
Pretty neat application.
Love the app. Thanks..
I think it cool.
Great!.
Best application.
Nice.
Very sensitive notification settings. When there is an earthquake in my area my watch vibrates and I know right away if there is any worry about a tsunami. In Hawaii that's important since we are always at a beach..
I practically love anything natural disaster related. Especially earthquakes! As long as nothing major happens, its very fun knowing the quakes that just happened and how many happen in one day! I live in southern California. So with this app, there MIGHT be loads of earthquake activity!.
Not as flexible as I would like. Fails to hold filters.  Would like to set several filters and maneuver between them. Either can't , or don't know how..
I never know the earth's plates move so much I enjoy the alerts and seeing were it occurred it amazing how far we have come in our journey on GOD earth.the LORD gives us the gift to make these things.
those of us in CA (and others worldwide)that know for certain that the big one is coming soon. I LOVE all of the speech and other options that I can play around with! Great work!.
I have found something I really like ..you can't beat it is not only punctual but also precise..
I just love this app.  I am learning a lot about the frequency and severity of earth quakes around the world..
It is so nice when an app can do everything your looking for. Love that it talks to you so you don't have to check your phone..
Need to be more accurate to the time they happen not hours later.
These notifications come in faster than any other email applications I have..
Fantastic app , good one to have in earthquake areas like Oklahoma.
Give around world good info of earthquake s..
Earth shaking great.
Earthquake Tracker.
Very informative..
Great app. Very informative..
best at all.
Tricia.
Nice app .
brilliant .
awesome.
Best one out there.It got its firstuse this am Beamont, CA!.
It has been a useful and timely tool for times when we are looking for this information.
I turned off many notification features since I just wanted information not necessarily warnings.  not ss much battery drain as others noted.  good info, fast and accurate..
Great app.  I know i only use a small % of its capabilities but i like it.  Only beef is it does not re-center on my home location each time i open it.  (It automatically zooms to the most recent event)  but not a big deal.
Severe battery drain when real-time is on, at about rate of 3% per minute of a 3600mah battery!.
I love it!!! It just needs the information of the length(duration) of each earthquake, it's important. Thanks!.
great app saves me from logging in on USGS.
Works great!.
Good app! Very informative..
Good.
Very nice app...
It's Great !!!!!.
Where do you disable/mute the alerts?? Super annoying..
Excellent application. Fast updates on status..
Earthquake alerts in near real-time. The notification menu is a bit confusing, some help links would help. Tsunami warnings would be a great addition..
Downloaded this today for my Note 5, set magnitude to a minimum of 6 and proximity to a minimum of 4 within 300km and I'm getting voice notifications for earthquakes all over the place that are like 1.5. What's worse is that even if you put your phone on vibrate only, the voice notifications still come through, which happened to me in the movie theater. Deleting app..
I app is the coolest. I never realize how many earthquakes occur in a day..
a must have.
I like getting seismic info in almost real time. I use it everyday..
Good app..
Instantly became one of my favorite apps.
Very neat and clean and equally almost instant...
Thank you Boss Radu for the great application..
With each event, at first it reads one magnitude, then several hours later updates to the correct measurement (via USGS data). For example: at 0349 this morning, there was an earthquake registered in Oklahoma. Your app started out saying it was a 5.4m just ENE of Wakita, then corrected three hours later, showing it to be a 4.5m near Medford, which is SSW of Wakita.  If you expect people to continue to use your app, please fix these data errors. Otherwise, I will find one that IS accurate from the start..
A good reminder that right beneath us the world is always in motion.
Earthquake watch.
Fantastic and informative. Lacks a map..
You will be surprised how many earthquakes there are every day. The big one is coming somewhere around the Ring of Fire..
Just downloaded this app.  Have a great grandson in Japan and was alerted to mag 7 quake. Good info..
It gets annoying but it's a helpful thing.
This is a great app to be aware of any activity around my home and work..
Great app, best I've used so far..
Absolutely brill, keeps me up to date for traveling.
Love!.
The app is wonderful it just keeps rebooting itself and not staying where I have put my own limitations on it... every since this last update it is wonderful it is not going back to my old limitations everything is staying the way that it is supposed to the only problem is it is not speaking on every earthquake anymore so I don't know where they are anymore unless I look at my phone and see the green dot..
What?! R u serious? A horrible high pitched sound every couple seconds and it turned my location on by itself! No to this intrusive app!.
Confusing settings.  Despite playing with multiple setup options I could only get the app to alert to all earthquakes or no earthquakes.  In proximity alerts, even if set to imperial units it asks one to input the distance in Km.  It's unclear if this is just a typo, or a real bug.  When the program  is running in the foreground it seems OK, but I want something that runs in the background and will alert me only to say Magnitude 3.2 earthquakes and above within 320 miles.  I was unable to get this app to do that.    I went to the designer's web site to see if there were some help files there, but I don't even see mention of this app.  After running for a while it gives me an out of memory error and tells me that I need to change my settings (but not which one)..
Advanced and more useful when you set it all up...I don't think there is a better one than this. Tried the rest myself..
I've messed with every setting & still doesn't tell me the magnitude! Just says megajoules & distance. Worthless without knowing what magnitude earthquake is..
I love it because it is real time although the adds are pretty annoying..
Wish I Could Set The Magnitude To Stay on magnitude...I dont understand anything but that....
Best earthquake app around. I have tried others but this one is the best. Great job.
Great but ads are annoying.
It gets the job done right up front. No problems. Definately my kinf of working tool.
Would like a little more user friendly re: changing settings.
Very nice app. All should download it..
Works very well...nice!.
Earthquake Tracker.
Very informative.
Nice app..
Nice.
Nice App good.
Best application.
Amazing app.
Awesome!.
Perfect!.
Best app.
Best app.
Nice it.
This tracker gives you location, magnitude, depth as well as the ability to see the site on a map.  You can limit your results to a specific area if you want.  Earthquake info is also announced so you can elect to just hear it if you like.  Very informative and good interface..
This app is great, it let me know how close an earthquake was to my house in Brasil. I was able to get info that wasn't on the news..
Gym be alert.hackers.
Good and detailed imfo if combined with other apps for education.
Very comprehensive and rapidly reported information.
Muy buens.
Great app!.
very gooooood!!!!.
This app beats every other earthquake app out there because of their use of multiple feeds, not just relying on the USGS. Plus I don't mind the advertisements on here because they are not intrusive, so that is a bonus. Excellent job!.
Help me a lot. Monitoringand get earthquakes status all over the wall.
The best earthquake tracking I have found to date. The added benefit of choosing voice or sound notifications is a huge plus. Great app. Many thanks..
Loved it. Quake from world is seen.. so amazing...
Good! MUST TRY.
It is really a good app.... .
Constant re-alerts of previously viewed events even after acknowledged and cleared. There is an additional method whereas you drill down through  the settings menu to clear events, this is cumbersome, annoying and time consuming. Many of the notification and alert settings are overlapping and not well defined. Had to delete.
Could not get sound or vibrate to stop even when turning off all notifications. It looks like a great ap but it would sound (or vibrate) every 60 seconds or so. Maybe I missed something but I couldn't get it to stop..
I just downloaded it after the Chilean earth quake and got an error.  Deleted it immediately..
This is so fun. Part of my morning routine; cup of java, weather, stock market, and earth quakes. Also gives me a great idea of common and where The active areas are..
This app rocks. Also I had a question on the app. The customer service was quick and through.. there is,simply not a better app out for this type of earthquake tracking or alerts.  I recommend this for everyone.
Shows nothing but server error, loading..
I got this app because I live in California and I want to see how far away the center of the earthquakes are from my house. It is not give you the information..
Enjoy seeing the quakes, but notifications from this app override all my other app notification settings, making then all priority & sending repeated alerts until I delete this app & go through all my other apps. HTC One..
Updates continuously and can't get away from the voice updates.  Uninstalled it within 10 minutes..
Warnings seem precise. The app is quite beta, with no way to "Home" after 
choosing settings or reopening it and it shows some useless text all over 
the page. Deleted it..
Try turning notifications OFF. Not possible. Uninstalled.
Not a nice app . Very boring.
Good way to keep track of even the smallest tremors..
Great app but does not register any earthquakes reported by the Canadian geological survey from what I can tell.
this is easy to understand,and it helps keep my anxiety down.knowing my family's safe or not...
     Persian Gulf is persian gulf for ever.
I like keeping up with earthquakes and where they are happening and this 
app is great for that..
Verizon reports three different ad plugins piggybacking on this app. 
Uninstalled!.
I just love the pro version and I highly recommend it to everyone!.
This app is crap.
To confusing deleted.
 .
Ok.
The updates are awesome,its gud tu keep..
I guess you gotta pay for five star.
Good app and gives alert fast with sound.
installed, wouldnt show earthquakes.  un-installed.
Excellent app.
megusro esta app es genial.
Mojib.
Thunk you.
Earthquake tracker.
No map.
Bad.
Best I could find.
Nice app for early information.
Good.
Just loaded will see.
I really like it..
Amazing!.
Great information!.
Its really good.
I need it.
Best app ever.
This is a great app.
Very good.
nice and very helpfully.
Working perfect.
.
Ok.
Ok.
.
Arun.
Thanks.
ok.
Yes.
Nyc.
My.
.
love it!!.
Loved it ofcoursly......
Awesome tool.
Useful app.
Amazing app.
Good apps.
Great App.
Useful app.
Nice.
Good app.
invasive.
confusing.
Terrible.
nice app....
Excellent.
Badass.
Good.
Cute.
Awesome.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Nice.
Excellent.
Excellent.
Good.
Impressive.
nice.
Informative.
Love it
Too many pop-ups on the app deleting app not very impressed with it.
Nice App, I am in Trinidad and had the 21st (?) of August 2018 an earthquake, first experience in live..
Keeps crashing! Not opening!.
good apps, time and magnitude is correct. thanks.
Did not give me info.
GOOD APP Thanks.
Very mice.
Excellent.
nice.
Great apps.
App crashes
It was working rather well. For some reason I went Pro and it seems less expedient on real-time alerts I like this app, I gave an initial 4 stars, then 3 because of the drawback. Imma go with 4 again so that developer understand that we understand he can get frustrated but we appreciate his help in optimizing the reliabilty. That's what I'm looking for. I'll come back and let you know if it changes to 5 stars (FF, your reply went besides the point. listen to the users. We're rooting for you :).
The app, although useful when it is working, is clunky and cluttered. I've had it installed for 2 days and already the earthquake network has been down for the good part of a day and unusable. I looked through reviews and find the developer's responses quite rude with his comments towards people that experience problems with the app, calling them stupid, and unable to read. I wouldn't pay for the Pro version until the developer improves both the layout of the app and his attitude towards users..
I actually love this app and have had it a couple of years? Recently ( last week to 10 days) my app does not work at all...I deleted it...rebooted phone.... reloaded.... nothing. I have done this routine over several days and still nothing...I just downloaded another app that works okay...but I like this one. Not sure what's up? Please fix the app soon .
Not working, not working.....even when it's working I never received alerts when the epicenter is around 200km from my location. Many minor quakes around 3+ richter scales in my states, some I even felt them are not listed while even weaker quakes in other parts are in the list. I'm in the red zone and recently we have many minor quakes; this app is very unreliable. Uninstalled..
Excellent app. I used it when I went to Puerto Rico with the frequent earthquake in the last few months. I still using the app here in the US to keep me updated about the earthquake in the island or near me..
I wasn't able to load seismic report Since last one day before. The application said "Something went wrong" please fix this problem. This application solve my many problems..
This was a 5* App...until the update! Now it just says "Something went Wrong". Please fix it!! I miss my Earthquake Network...you were The Best!!!.
Not as expected as the seismic network shows nothing at all. It keeps reloading and tells me something went wrong. It's not working at all, nothing is shown..
I've just downloaded but nothing can appear, its written "something went wrong" pls fix it as soon as posible. I've known fr friends this app is reliable. Pls fix it soon.... Thanks for this app..
A little complex but you can manage to learn where the things are. Great app that gives you options. It has a SOS button and it is available in other languages..
I enjoyed using this app, but now it just flashes "something went wrong" Yeah, you bet! Is it ever going to be fixed?.
Don't know why but the seismic network keep saying 'something went wrong' is it because of my connection??.
This App is not working anymore. The map will not load and it keeps saying "something went wrong".
It's an amazing app, but when I opened the app the next morning it says: "something went wrong." I guess I'll have to wait until it's back up and running..
After latest upgrade, no reports for last 11 hrs... doesn't work at all anymore..
Great app., just wish that some of the alerts came faster..
When you hit Map... just get "Something went wrong" msg. App is completely useless..
Real time alert is not working since a few months ago. Android one plus 7 pro.
SEISMIC NETWORK segment not working in the app showing error: 'Something went wrong'.
I like the app, but I'd like to see news/alerts about tsunamis that are not just in The Pacific region. Update: updated the app to the newest version. Where'd the tsunami warnings go??? Now only 3 stars. :-( Update 2: ok, that's unfortunate. Thanks for the reply..
Excellent APP, this kind of systems, networks that contribute to warn people after an earthquake happened are in development.., I talked with seismologists recently.. they told me about these systems have being started to being talked on seismolgy simposiums.. since a sort of 5 years ago.., well, as much peopoe use this app or these kind of networks the better for all as a stronger monitoring network can be built. I wish this app can be widely known to the public!!!, congrats for this APP!!.
I recommend this app. It helps me prepare for the shaking. Its better than other apps i tried. It lets me know when phones register earthquakes in other towns before it gets to mine. But when it happens in my town it takes too long to give me the scale number..
It doesn't show anything, it gives me the something went wrong notification, it's so frustrating.
Great! - There was a 5.5 earthquake about 1:00 miles away to day and I got an alert from the app before the USGS email and I was able to see all of the reports come up on the map and I could tell where it came from based on the color coding.
Real time, accurate  Needs to declutter the view..
The app says server down. Please fix. Was rhe only app that i like to detect earthquakes here in puerto rico.
I had a problem with app crashing but quick response from owner corrected that problem. App is working fine, am very happy. There's tons of fun stuff to learn while using it..
Great stuff, fastening insight into what's happening...
I found it to have way too much info on one page. Minimal is better, allowing user to click on that particular alert to gain more info wd be helpful. Nothing for Canada  just US.
Poor date range... looks like made up info.. cartoons.. CGI.. not real.. words & Stories covering Real map & info & visual clue as to real man made earthquakes.. like 1000s in one location.. starting & stopping multiple earthquakes in areas Never having earthquake before.. should be easy to see these patterns...
All of a sudden this apponly says something went wrong stopped working for me.
With the latest update June my app always crashes.
Gives very up to date reports on magnitude and exact location..
Paid for account, disconnects and has no befit compared to free account..
It's a good app but settings and app features are not consistent..
I am greatful for the service and the quickness of the updates..
EDIT 1/28/20: My enthusiasm for the app has dimmed somewhat. Tapping on an earthquake panel takes you to a map of the earthquake but there is no distance scale. The map shows concentric circles around the epicenter but what do they mean? Clearly the UI needs some work. ORIG: Best earthquake app IMO. There is a lot there so it takes some time to setup and understand. One bug I did notice though: in the app there is a setting for the volume of the alarm and a setting for the volume of the voice notification (pro version). But the app doesn't remember the setting - if the user or another app subsequently changes the device alarm or media volume then the alarm or voice notification will be at the new levels..
In response to the developer reply, why do other users have the same issue as me if what you say is true ? I haven't changed any settings on my two phones, before and after reinstalling app ! This app no longer works as of a few weeks ago, went dead, no notifications at all, no settings have been changed. Uninstalled then waited a day and reinstalled, still nothing. Installed a different app that does work good !.
Great!!!!! real time earthquake alarm But the user interface it's kind of tricky. You have to tweak the settings in order to have the app optimized. If not it can be annoying in a seismic area like south Puerto Rico lately. Is fantastic knowing there's an earthquake while driving... can save lives. Or knowing when it's going to tremble in the moment or few seconds before gives you time to get out or look for protection. Overall exellent App... (Cons) Confuse User Interface.
It's a good app, the alert sound is rather eerie, it could be less "psycho" sounding. Also, there have been times that I have felt an earthquake, and I could see that other users in my area also felt it, as their phones reported it, but the event never showed up in the feed, so not sure what happened there..
Even though I just bought the 10k yearly subscription before buying it there was an earthquake 200 km from where I live and at when it happened I wasn't subscribed to the 10k thing but my settings are optioned for 500 km radius, BUT still it happened, and 9 whole minutes later I get the alert that's just outright insane it Should have been much quicker hope paying 30 Turkish lira was worth it cus if it doesn't warn me before it then I'll just cancel the subscription Istanbul/Turkey.
95% of time it rings in a timely manner; however, due to our location in open country, the signal is weak and may ring a little later. It's pretty reliable. Do recommend it..
This app is pretty helpful, since Puerto Rico began to tremble, I've had this app as my advantage. In my location, waves of earthquakes comes after 5-10 seconds has passed and this app alerts me when there is a incoming seismic wave. Wonderful app, I feel safe with it..
Never works, I have the ro versuon and it still does not work..
When it works correctly it is awesome, but my alarm has gone off twice this week when we didn't feel a thing nor did anything come up on the seismic reports. I have it set for a 3.5 or higher so ot's not like it is super sensitive or anything..
It seems very accurate to when aftershocks have happened here in Utah. I enjoy following the history all over of quakes. Great app and reccomend for information and fun tracking..
Gives accurate information,quickly..
This app is suppose to use for watch and follow the earthquakes but, nothing is about earthquake, except the buttons and the presentation. The information on this app is fake and make confusion, lieing and playing with the people minds. This app is just commercial ads to make money, over any real emergency..
Excellent app. Notification is immediately and I have the choice to notify if I felt the shake in my location. I feel that I am part of the data collected..
decent app thats probably done well off the recent drama. too many false alerts from users though. people reporting high level quakes when theyre small. and theres not really anyanagement options for the alerts you recieve..
Just worked for me! Gave me at least 5 seconds of advance notice for the 1:15PMish aftershock in Salt Lake City on 3/18/20. Center was about 5 miles from my house. I'm very impressed!.
Real time alerts are appreciated especially during this very active seismic time in the Caribbean..
Awesome app we just had an earthquake here in Bakersfield I felt the ground shake and my phone alerted me right away.
Real Time Notification. Notify me 2 to 5 seconds before start shaking. I'm recommending this app to stay alert in case of earthquake. Thanks from Puerto Rico!.
I purchased the priority warning, and had to Uninstall the app, it turned out to be a battery HOG. In a period of 4-5 hours managed to drain my battery down to 20 %..
Wonderful app, but when I turn on power save mode on it stops working and doesnt work again. Have had to reinstall 3 times..
Ugly interface. Signed up for 10k priorty service and Im still seeing ads. BOOO. Finally uninstalled it. Tired of seeing the self promo of how many others have recently subscribed, not well thought out interface..
Good for tracking and information but so far the real time alerts have been useless. Either it alerts you way after the earthquake happened or alerts you then nothing happens..
This app had been working very good until one day it sent me a Strong earthquake alert. I stopped my car, and got off of it looking for a safer place but then nothing happenned....
Excellent application with important an up to the minute information that can be accessed quickly..
At first it was great notifying us beforehand but recently noticed the app is not alerting when earthquake is about to happen, only alerts when mins or hrs has passed by! ..
The app is great, but I'm not keeping it with these creepy alarm tones, add the ability to use your phone notification tone..
Very useful it alerts me before the tremors occur, of course if your not in the epicenter of the quake..
Wow the best app. I test in PR and have real-time vibrating alerts. Yep.. Real-time tested. Thx thx.
Doesn't work, just had an earthquake, says nothing in last 13 days reported... like come on!.
So far my expectations have been met. It alerts me every time there's sismic movement near me.  Keep up the great work. Thank you earthquake network.
Is excellent, since you can learn a lot and be aware of what is going on instaly. Thanks.
A bit annoying not being able to customize the alerts, but overall a great app.
Excellent, ablebto get the information before you realized the shake ended. Very pleased with the app..
Very good, need to be more fast and accurate!!!.
Awesome app..since Puerto Rico first tremors in December 28, 2019 it has been a reliable companion..
Perfect! This app alert me 2 seconds before (my distance is 80 Km @ from the earthquake zone).
Excelente, update my last review. This app has no update on time when you need it in critical times. Also there is only a few moderators not even from the same country as you. This moderator if they don't understand a word in the same language that block you from the chats. I'm thinking seriously to cancel my Pro membership. They never answered the emails..
This is, by far, the best earthquake app. Get your friends in your area to download it to get real-time advanced warning!.
Really early notifications. Lots of useful information..
The best ever app for detecting earthquakes. It is consistently reliable..
It's a very good app. And more when you have to live with earthquakes,..
Very helpful and useful.
Wonderful and easy to use but how to download these earthquakes Swaves and P waves data as Cv files or Excel files?.
I have a question. Does it detects earthquakes near me when internet is not available? And by the way this app is super excellent for detecting earthquakes..
Fantastic, not only notifications also all the extra info the app brings..
Smart technolgy to help in fast alert, precision and confiability to all user..
Add more alarms options and tips for evacuations..
Great, give you better perspective of how others across the shockwaves are sensing the release energy so one could be alert ..
In a time where quakes are happening every 30 mins it's good to have this app.
I am located in Puerto Rico in Palmas del Mar in Humacao on the southwestern side of the island. I lived in Central America for years ~ and have been in major Earthquakes in three different countries and find this application to be effective in alertness and tracking the area translation and movement to make an educated guess on the path by tracking epicenters and their movements and direction..
This app doesn't work for 24 hours.
Keeps me informed based on radius snd intensity selected. Great.
It help me take inmediate cover and be prepare for a posible earthwake movement..
Awesome and fast reports positive comments always just nesesary good job...
Excelent!!! Give some seconds before feeling the shakes..
A little difficult to understand it. It should just post the readings from the app not the users..
Pro paid subs and even with the setting wont notify me,also dont give me optiin for PR seismic , i want my money back ... Q pasa con esta app yo con cel en la mano y mi compaera q NO paga pro $,como yo, recibe notification antes que yo ??.
This app is the greatest...location and all the information you need is on point..
The p and s wave thing has disappeared.
Reliable. Nice to see PR Red Ssmica added. Currently, PR is having many earthquakes. Keep it up!.
Like it the alerts are quick and informative.
I love this application a lot. Here I get right away all movement on earth ..
Notification in real time has been essential in the preparedness and safety of my family, as it provides suficient time to react..
Very nice, easy and accurate..
This app detected the last couple ive felt, mild ones but still received nitification.
I wished we had this when we had the earthquake on Wednesday morning it hit At 7:09 and was a 5.7 in salt lake City.
Thank you for the wonderful app Francesco. I live in Earthquake prone Philippines and this apps so far looks very promising especially with its push notifications. Nice touch on the Japanese EEW sound effect. I do hope you can restore the Smartphone Seismometer Location ASAP so I can gauge the efficacy of the real-time detection in my area. Your app is a genius, and makes up for the lousy government that does not want to invest in an early warning system in this country..
Very useful and easy to understand..
Very precise about the reports/Bastante preciso..
Very useful,I just love it.
Excellent app, fast and accurate.
Real time!! A little weird to use at first but then I got it pretty good.
The user interface needs polish as it takes a while to understand where to go to reduce the alerts you receive, and get alerts for big quakes only. The default settings are too inclusive and VERY loud (as it should be for an alert that could save your life). However the app works impressively well and I'm in the north of Puerto Rico and getting alerts from quakes in the South, before the wave of the quake hits me, so I'm prepared, even if for a few seconds, but way better than none..
Really cool! Discover all the things it can do....
I like the alert system..
I have pets and family living with me so I'm always weary to wake up on an earthquake, I have a deep sleep also so that worries me even more. Having the app has given me a sense of relief and security for that reason. I have set it up to only alert me on 4.6+ quakes, the alarm is loud and till now it has not start without a reason. F.
Very useful. Bit clunky at first, but easy to get a hang of. Downloaded in nov 2019, and found the chat section very useful. Has helped in recent events in albania, puerto rico, Turkey, and jamaica. Has alot of potential still. My one complaint is that the chat sections look like they're from 2010..
Very useful and its very helpful with the acurasi..
This app always alerts me of earthquakes here in Puerto Rico cause you can feel earthquakes above 4.0 or bigger but not small ones . I feel safer using this app if I'm a sleep always letting me know of earthquakes even if I can't feel them. This app really works it alerts me even of small quakes even when I dont feel them..
Very accurate. the network alert in some cases give the alert few seconds before the movement. we are testing here in Puerto Rico with more than a thousand movement in the last 2 week excellent. The best app I try for earthquake. the faster alert.
Very fast and accurate.
I've been having various earthquakes nearby recently, and this app really helps to know when another quake could be possible! Some of them are farther than others, So when I get a notification about an earthquake really close nearby, it gives me the idea to get out fast! Though one thing I would like to see, when an earthquake is far away and has a high chance of shaking where I'm located, it would be nice to know how long I have I until it strikes my area. Other than that, this app is great!.
Great app with a ton of information available. Highly recommended. One question: Why do I get the rapid "busy telephone" sound when my phone is set down and how do I mute that? I have to kill the app at night because this alert goes off every 5 to 10 minutes. I have seen one mention in a review of this same sound. It does not correlate with any alert settings that I can see..
Totall aewsome! I did try like 12 apps before this one, and all of then didnt satisfied me with what I was looking for. This one gave me everything and more. Super fantastic. I do recomended to who ever lives close to an earthquake zone..
I downloaded and have been using your earthquake app here in Southern California ever since we had the big earthquakes on the 4th and 5th of July, 2019. It worked fine at first, but now I'm not receiving any type of alerts. I have to check my phone to see if there's been an earthquake notification or not. Also, everything's in kilometers instead of miles, so it's hard to tell how close the earthquakes really are to me. I can't find a setting to change it, or to fix the alerts..
not pretty but it has a bunch of selections to choose from, you can manage your warnings, how close do they have to be to set off your alarm, tsunami warnings, an update page, you can look at the world as a whole or watch how far one earthquake traveled, chat in multiple languages, you can report the ones that you felt to share the intensity with other users, it isn't pretty but it's pretty damn good.
It's very confusing to understand what is going on with this app. When i click "test alert" im presented with a paragraph of obscure text telling me to go to sections of the app which either do not exist, are named differently, or are very difficult to find. I suppose it's better than nothing. I have been receiving alerts but they are very late so far. It's not clear if they are coming from other smartphone users or USGS..
App is just awesome, yet i have concern regarding the amount of money taken from my card after i was offered to shift to PRO and advised also even wiyhout going to playstore my free app will be upgraded. May i ask how does this works since i am still in my free app.
I like the ability to adjust the notifications to my personal needs; however, everytime I connect it to my charger, this app supercedes ALL notification settings on my phone, including the settings in my other apps. I get the same annoying alarm type notification for ALL my notifications while my phone is charging, even if my phone is set to silent. I've tried reconfiguring every setting on the app as well as my phone yet still can't resolve the issue. I paid for the pro features, so disappointed.
You read the instructions and set your parameters and it works well! I recommend this application for anyone who wants to monitor the seismic activity in your region. Good work!.
Excellent warning on track!.
This app works!! I had theShakeAlert app for L.A. & was disappointed in how L.A. planned its notification to County residents. They are amending but in the meantime I found 'Earthquake Network App' & IT WORKS! Mother Earth doesn't stop shaking at the County Line & this app notifies YOU based upon what YOU want to know. It's a little confusing & not pretty but IT WORKS! Has a small price which I'm still not sure what that cost is, but this version is free. BOTTOM LINE: IT WORKS!  alarms choices..
Only had this app for a few days now but like it so far. It looks like the more people that have this app the better it works. It relies on each other's smartphones to detect quakes. So download it. It works good already, but we need more peoples phones on the network to make it better. FYI, seems that this app will work better at night, since it needs people's smartphones to be at a resting state to detect any quakes... I love the data this app gives, like the smartphone map, and quake map etc..
seems to be a great app but I just reinstalled it after the quake in California then when the 7.1 hit but my phone never went off my diagram in Las Vegas the water was splashing all over and my legs was shaking at first I wasn't sure what was going on but I recommend this app it dose have a lot of great options to it I can't get over how many earthquakes really happens every day that u can't feel but it says there was a 3. something in California it's crazy I hope for the safety of everyone is Ok.
Since purchasing this app, having upgraded from the original free one, and after a brief disruption problem with their server ... I've now decided that I made the right decision to keep and upgrade. The audible alert via imediate recognition from the other cellphones using this app alerting others before even USGS has posted results of quake having happened is an amazing feature. I've lived in southern California my whole life and with the 4th of July having starting, this is the best app ever.
I live in Northern California and I have several earthquake apps. This app consistantly provides real-time notifications that are received immediately, while my other apps may (or may not) eventually notify me of a quake that occurred 30 - 60 minutes ago. It's easy to use & I'm able to quickly post "I felt it" notifications. This is also the most detailed app that I've found. I recommend that new users be sure to adjust their settings to what their notification preferences are ahead of time..
Nothing shows up on the map. I sell emergency food and really thought this app would be excellent for my customer. No earthquakes shown..
Tested out the app, but I typically leave location disabled for privacy and battery life, so it frustrates me that this app's notification alerts require location to be active. Why not let users also set static locations for alerts? The earthquake app I am replacing allowed me to set multiple alert conditions. This let me set a 5.0+ alert locally as well as a 6.0+ alert globally..
I live in an earthquake vulnerable area. this keeps me up to date aware and informed of all earthquakes and informed in real time of those that may affect me. I find I use this app nearly every day. I wish after I've configured faults and plates to show I didn't have to reconfigure them every time I use the app..
Well, so far this app would wake me up in the middle of the night to notify me about quakes that just happened somewhere across the world, but when the 6.4 and 7.1 quake hit Ridgecrest and our Burbank Apt was shaking like crazy, not one peep from this app. No "head's up" notification, and no message about it days later. Don't claim your app can give real time updates if it cant. People shouldn't have to stake their safety on false claims..
best free earthquake app so far. get warnings and got a count down before I felt it. it's much quicker on the alert when it uses other people's phones to detect them. I guess it coordinates the type of shaking on the phone with other people's phones in the same area and sends out alerts. very impressed.
I live in California and just felt a 6.4 LA Earthquake. I did not feel it as bad but I recieved an alert right as it happened. I installed other apps like this and this app was the only app that notified my right away! I would like to thank this app so much because of how helpful it is with receiving early warning earthquake notifications and regular ones to. Thank you for this amazing app! New: Just felt a 7.1 in California and this wonderful app gave me at least 30 seconds to prepare before it.
Paid for PRO. Getting molested every 10 minutes, even with phone in do not disturb mode. I've spent an estimated two cumulative hours trying to fine tune alerts. Should be straight forward. No. 4 rapid loud alarms with a cryptic message "earthquake network alert sound". Yeah, I get it. I can't sleep. I should be getting alerts for only a big one. Uninstalling... :-(.
Very accurate, excellent graphics, need to set well to receive the benefits from the app, check the tutorial..
great app and very usefull..
when I am alerted there is a quake nearby, I don't want to search all over for additional info on the quake. One alert this morning...and there are multiple reports of it. I can't tell if its upgrade, down grade of magnitude or just repeated showing of same quake. no map to zoom in to see where the quake happened....maybe it's just my lack of understanding on the apps function, alerts or operation but it doesn't work well enough or reliably enough after a year or so of having it to keep it..
It kept asking me to go pro for every little information needed. I paid for every featured and still kept asking for more money to view more information or to do a simulation test. I know is a not founded app, but if you need to pay for every little thing $10, $2, $1; then what's the use. Useless!.
It's absolutely useless because it doesn't have an option to filter notifications by Richter scale. I'm getting all sorts of Magnitude 4 notifications in my zone that I don't want. I'm really not interested in anything less than a 6. All these small Earthquakes make the app like The Boy Who Cried Wolf so I'm at the point I will just uninstall it..
Love this app it registers all of the earthquakes on Puerto Rico and right now is happening 1 and it is doing the sound. Love this app..
great app. used it during the 2020 puerto rico few 1,000's earthquakes. worked perfectly every time there was an event.
Thanks to this app it notifies when a earthquake was about to happen seconds before I would recommend it .But one reason it's not a five was it stop working for a while but I look back at it today and it works. Thankyou.
The good-Bell chimed 5 seconds before a large quake. Not good- I kept getting chimes for every time someone felt a twitch and reported on their cell phone, usually at 11pm at night. The extra chimes are just annoying, and there is really no lead time on the original notification to do anything..
App is great. Can do better with the wave graphic. I wish it would open when a warning comes in..
I installed this app on July 11, 2019 . On July 12, 2019 early this morning at around 6:30 in the am it went off warning of an earthquake. And yes there was a 4.9 earthquake this morning in California. I would recommend this app it worked for me..
I like it and need it but it keeps on changing my settings..
Really confusing but I like it.
This app is amazing! It works! An alarm sounds when an earthquake is detected in your area through a network of cell phones. The more phones that have this app installed, the better it will work for all of us..
Is a good app because it tells you earthquakes at the moment. You can report if you presence the earthquake in your community. There's a map were you can see how many people precense the earthquake. The best thing is that it tells you how goes the wave in a map. Is the best app for earthquakes.
You can get alerts but too much info and the intensity sometimes doesn't show. Too many adds..
I like this app. Keep me updated with earthquakes close to where I am at the moment and from another places like the one in Chile, 6.8 since it had a threat of Tsunami in the Pacific Ocean.. If there is in earthquake very close to me, my cellphone vibrates hard and don't stop..
Exceelnt app. if you are 40 miles or more from the source. Its give you about 2 to 5 seconds to be ready for the movement..
The layout is hard to follow. Even after I set the setting to imperial, it still shows notifications in km. Very frustrating. On a better note: Lots of good info..
This is the best earthquake app. I've used. They are always trying to improve and it has many features. If you have any issues you can email support and they answer within 24 hours. Highly recommend!!.
I'm updating review because I haven't missed a notification since last hiccup. I'm only interested in seismic network alerts though as they are the most accurate. A bit sad to see there's no USGS link anymore, redirecting to their website for more info about an earthquake. I don't know why Dev removed it. A dark theme would be so nice too!.
funny how everyone is complaining , but no one read where the developer is at right as you type " Itali " but his sources are good he just needs to be faster at the updates on these situations .I paid for the upgrade and we'll see how it goes .is easy to get your money back ..
I LOVE this app. I use it EVERYDAY! Especially lately. Keeps me feeling much more prepared for a BIG EARTHQUAKE. As a result, I feel at ease living near the faults..
I discovered this app today. The last days many earthquakes have hit Albania, so I really needed an app to notify seconds before an earthquake, especially during night. 2 significant earthquakes have hit Albania today and in both cases the app was accurate and notified me seconds before. Top app, life saving, 5 stars. I.
losing faith in this app. 2 times in the last fortnight or so I've felt earthquakes and they haven't been shown on the app. when ive encouraged friends to sign up and been with them using app it still says no other phones in my area are using. UI is a little flakey also..
Excellent app! Very useful..
The most informative, accurate and interesting earthquake app I' ve encountered. I use this heavily for family safety as I live in an earthquake zone. Also, this is useful to track tsunami information for our maritime travels..
Went through the 1star reviews and I understand what they saying. Thankfully the app has been keeping me informed with every earthquake worldwide especially here in California. Far as I been able to tell the data hasn't been scrubbed or falsified..
Is a great app. Im from puerto rico and right now theres a bounch of earthquakes almost every hour with out fail. I had to run out side at dawn becouse a strong earthquake occure, is al thanks of this app that we could get up and run outside..
The only reason I got this app was for notifications. It requires your location to be on to get alerts yet without it enabled it still knows the distance the earthquakes are from you. Other than this the UI needs a major clean up..
Nice and helps a lot. Almost real time seismics alerts. Most have data and good service to work best. Could help to have the notification liked with the received alert info and smartphones view. Also indicate that it hasnt or has been identified by USGS..
Works flawlessly but the alarm sound is enough to uninstall..
Real time alerts!.
Quick and constant notifications and user friendly layout..
Nice! Helps you being alert in times of emergency like here in Puerto Rico. Thank you!.
it's a great app for current updates on earthquakes. Dutchsinse on YouTube is very good at explaining and forecasting earthquakes. This app is important if you are living in earthquake prone areas..
I paid for the subscription and the pro app, but I still received Earthquake notifications 5-10 minutes after the Earthquake took place. and yes the real time alert is enabled. your app doesn't work..
Too many notices of incentives to purchase more info. I don't like how it's constantly pushing to share this app with Family and friends. Other than that, it's fairly accurate for info..
Directly jumps to payment. And more like a news rather than shown in promotion.
It is a very well developed app it's app processes don't crash or bug. Only problem is the consistent monitoring eats up a lot of WiFi data and cannot run any other apps without them skipping.
Excellent app! Notify about earthquakes almost in real time It also allow send automatic messages to love ones if we are on an earthquake with our position, and alert also for tsunamis. Very useful and complete..
I just installed app & within 5 minutes was notified of aftershock in Ridgecrest, CA area! Very important to setup your settings correctly to get what the app offers. Thumps Up!!.
Great idea, But... Need more help in setup and understanding settings. Also need better selection of alerts. Gives too many unimportant alerts To test alert, it asks you to change settings that cannot be found..
Dont work from de last version... I have tested with an old version but today I have the latest version from Play Store with no luck. I used this app since 3 years but is not working for me right now. Same phone..
Fantastic app! For monitoring earthquakes. Highly recomend it!.
I like display of 24 hr history of earthquakes worldwide. Would be nice to be able to monitor longer, and to monitor specific area. Thank you for fine app..
Not sure because it didn't work with the free version. It gives you just very general information about earthquakes. Perhaps the paid version..
the problem is when u mute the notification of users! it still ringing!!!!!!.
Works really good but still cannot change km's to miles there needs to be a specific setting for that. Even though I selected miles in an obscure setting feature, reports still shows data in km's..
Very help full on time to alertness and quickly responds..
it alerted us in Los Angeles for the 7.1 ridgecrest earthquake seconds before it hit. gave us enough time to get under the table before the hard shaking started. thanks for this helpful app..
i held off for a bit before rating, if you or your loved ones live in quake prone areas please download this app. it has been extremely useful in recent days for me. earthquakes are scary and this app provides great information. in a sense it is comforting to get realtime info from other users. i would give it 10 stars if i could!.
I just like knowing what's going on with earth :) App works great! I get alerts & a map with intensity stars, I really like that, Thank you.
Gives enough information to calm my nerves down..
l like this extremely a lot best app for mobile earthquakes alerts 100% extremely satisfy keep up the great job out of all this Google Play Store I personally prefer this one confirm. 1-5-19 9:45am.
it works great ! I just wish I could get my notification about the quakes sooner! /: but overall it's really good.
I dint know the ground was constantly moving, at times I get dizzy and I know why, this app has many monitors aldo it cant predict, it can save those in outside zones or nearby..
excellent app. Yearly subscription is cheaper on IPhones than androids I do not why.  That's why I gave it 4 stars.
Works great! Highly reccomend! But, took some thinking to configure settings and still not clear on some..
Unable to stop sound once starts. No custom sounds..
Instructions are confusing. The app is a bit complicated..
Distance filter shows error despite location services being enabled always. Unsubscribing NOW!.
Excellent app with more info than any other! Real time info and sharing. Worth every penny!!!.
Been a great app! Love the "early warning".... has been useful a couple of times..
Quick and easy.
As soon as I installed this app, my phone's notifications stopped. I've uninstalled it, but I still have no notification sounds. Beware!!.
Very useful app.
Stop fooling people. I just felt tremors few minutes back in Delhi and there was not any kind of alert or notification I got. You guys are trying to track real time location of people because your plan must be something else..
Exceptional App. Easy to use detailed information. It is a must have app..
I love the really helpful robot help, it can changes the settings for notifications & alerts according to your desires..
Lots of notifications Only one or two were anywhere near accurate. Oh, just had a 6.9 near SoCal. USGS and CSI got it right. But that info was on local news before this app. Uninstalled it. Oh well....
Excellent app, will recommended to everyone. Try it, you'll be satisfied with its details and performance..
6 seconds before the 6.6 earthquake in Puerto Rico started the app notify, great app!.
Excellent! Easy to use.
Great app. Very informative with alot of info available for. the user. Highly recommended..
This is one of the many apps I have to keep up with the natural events happening around us. I think it works great..
A life saver. One thing about this app is that the tsunami reports are inaccurate. M7.0 hit Anchorage. Said, no tsunami threat, then the governor issues a warni g and declaration???.
It's a good app but a little bit difficult to understand but by time you get to learn to manage it..
This app sounded a siren that gave me 11 seconds warning before an earthquake hit today! Thank you .
Excellent app. I've been using it for a year or two. You won't get this kind of quick information anywhere else..
Works great, alarm just went off at the very moment this last quake in LIMA, Peru started..
Really helpful! Shows me alerts when an earthquake is detected near me..
I didn't give 5 stars because the depth of each quake isn't available. Please add this info to your app!.
Very useful with continued quakes in the Ridgecrest area (California) in the past months!.
I really appreciate this earthquake app..... It helps me get informed for updates in every earthquake disturbances from within and outside of my vicinity...... Kudos for app. High five..... God bless..
With this app you get informed in real time about earthquakes wordwide, but you get disturbed as result of repeated alarms even in low magnitude aftershocks..
Working great for me in Puerto Rico where is currently an active zone..
I really like this app. Gives real good information on real time..
Recieved my 1st alert and wave in so many seconds. Well it crashed my phone. Had to reboot. Phone was stuck..
This app helps me a lot it notifies me when there's an earthquake in my town home when I'm away it's really good.
Great app! Love it except I paid for pro version and when i reinstall it on my tab s2 it doesnt show its pro version..
This app is an excellent solution for the real time alert feature. The developer is a genius..
Bad because i trie tu O used in sikence mode. No sound. And still make sound oll time. I NEED TO REMOCED IT.
I appreciate this app because it is simple, has a good user interface and functions well..
Awesome, can warning you some seconds before first wave.
Informative on realtime notification, only sometimes the Apps takes a bit long to open and sometimes stack..
I live in Puerto Rico and I receive the earth quake alert 20 to 25 minutes later from the real time. I paid to be the first 10K to receive the alert and the app told me that I will receive the notification 10 to 15 seconds before the wave reach my area. I understand that this depend the location of the earth quake. I will like to receive 3 or 4 seconds before receiving the wave but not 20 minutes later even thought when I pay for the services..
paid for the top 10,000 and receiving notifications 17 minutes and sometimes 8 hours later. PLEASE FIX!!!!!!.
Tsunami alerts when selecting the information alert displays No Product Found. Happen elsewhere in other parts of the app. Android 9 Pie Note 9.
Very helpful app like the wave simulation..
love it. Notification of close quakes you can't feel. Maybe alert for big one.
Very good app. It sends messages almost on real time about tremors..
Im receiving the notification 44 minutes to one hour after the event. Please assist on this issue.
we just had a 3.3 worked perfectly. sent me an alert that we had an earthquake. straight from Los Angeles.
This app did its job...I'm an L.A. native and have been dreaming of something that can give me at least a 5-10 second notice of an earthquake. I went through like 8 earthquakes and this 7.1 hit while I was driving .. I heard the distinct ringing and looked...parked safely to avoid electrical poles and bridges as the earth swayed back and forth. Thank you, please keep improving...I have recommended this everywhere!!.
Just been woken up by this app reporting a 6.0 earthquake 200km from me. Great app Thank you.
This App is much better than Shack alert LA App, which does not work. thanks we havebeen able to react with this app.
Excellent App. Clear information and easy to use..
I receive alerts from people who say that they felt a quake and not necessarily is true..
One of the few REAL USEFUL apps for mobile technology. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED ..
Lots of good information coming through all the time. very handy..
App is fast to let me know when there is an earthquake other apps I've tried warn me after I have felt the quake. This one is real time.
keep getting an error message about something went wrong and server error ever since the last update.
It works, puts me in my toes all the time..
Good app, it is reliable and provides valuable information about earthquakes around the world.
only just installed this app so, at the moment I can't really rate it so I have given 3 stars on the strength of news reports about ppl receiving phone alerts some seconds b4 quake struck..
This app is excellent, I live in Puerto Rico and since 12/28/19 there have been 2,219 movements the strongest been 6.6 in magnitude and I have advise real-time..
It's helpful and useful app. It notify us in real time even small scale..what a genius developer.
great app. easy to use and sources credible. highly recommend..
it notify me about earthquake before 23 mins while i downloaded other earthquake apps it didn't the same... i recomended everyone to download it so it will help to help get better analysis and results.
warned about the earthquake just a while maybe like 5 mins ago in L.A . great app!.
It kept my me, my family and friends safe through this couple of weeks earthquakes in Puerto Rico. We live close to the epicenters and sysmic action and the app kept notifying us. We could sleep in between the quakes because it alarmed us a few seconds before or on the spot. Great app!.
I like knowing what to expect. this is a great app. been having issues with the app today.
I recieved an offer to convert into pro , as i have paid for the same but it hasn't converted... , This is unethical....
Great app! Very scientific yet easy to understand!.
Great app for living in puerto rico.
great app. help me to be informed of earthquakes in my area..
I like it because with the music alert i check and if i have to get out i do.
Finished Downloaded ... how to set it?Please can you tell me?.
Awesome. It works great! Thank you..
With a half hour of downloading this app, I received my first notification...so far, this is a great app..
I couldn't find anything in settings to change the distances from kilometers to miles..
most accurate & fastest updates compare to any other app in play store.
highly disappointed in this app california just got hit by a 6.4 earthquake and this app did not ecen detect it nore did it ven send a message that one had even occurred..
Got a notification of a quake 6 miles away 15 seconds before USGS notified me. Of course I felt it before any notification..
Very accurate and helpful. Thank you..
I havent got any real time alerts. I live in California.
This apps is the most important for me, because My Kevin's son is so nervous when he feels the earthquake!.
I am a life longtime GEO-. Have been studying Earth Sciences Voraciously since I ate my 1st ant, snail and frog dd's. leg! (Not bragging, but an A Student thru 1st Year @ University in Multiple Areas Relating to the Sciences and math..) I just love Learning !.
Awesome. I subscribe to EQ ALERTS, which is essential in So Cal..
Very useful but the alarm need to bi more faster.
Doesn't cover total wave warnings very well..
It supposed to be a pro app and is telling me to update I pay for it 2 moths ago, not happy.
Great aplicacin ,really works.
This app gave me a warning during an actual earthquake. It was great..
So far so good. I'm here in Puerto Rico and there are earthquakes about every other hour and the app works very well.
Awesome app for quake detection!.
Muy buena avisa a tiempo. Very good and alerted quick.
I didn't realize how many earthquakes we were actually having here in California until I downloaded this app it doesn't make me feel safer literally but it does make me feel better knowing there are people who have given us a glimpse into the efforts being taken to make us all feel a little safer..
Very good essential information.
Love it , inform right after the event happen, awesome..
It helps me identify where the areas will be affected by an earthquake..
Excellent and verifiable reporting of earthquakes..
not working and pulls up wrong location..
When I'm in bed I can hear the ringtones on the phone You make me feel safe because I wake up Is a warning for me thank you very much.
Great just glitches every now and then.
the bells went off before the 7.1 yesterday. I was able to sleep knowing I would have some warning..
it's very useful and accurate app, 100% recomended,.
many false notifications from users, not reported by oficial agencies..
Fast alert, slow on details.
Good and easy..
Great app. Like the shake alarm.
I'm learning a lot with this amazing app,very interesting, I personally recommend it.
Always interested in geology. I get alerts long before they hit the news..
Comes helpful in knowing details about occurences of earthquakes..
This app is extremely racist against non Spanish speaking people. I live in Puerto Rico and downloaded this app. I was chatting about the recent earthquakes in Puerto Rico in English. They BLOCKED ME WITHOUT GIVING ME ANY TYPE OF A REASON. I wasn't disrespectful or using foul language. So I am consulting with my attorneys to file a lawsuit against the moderators and the creditors of this app. I just uninstalled this app..
Is very important to be informed about the emergency situation around me and the world..
one of the best earthquake apps around.Rely on it to keep me informed.
Good but sometimes it freezes.
Very helpful. It can save many peoples lives i just love it.
it works great for me. and it is very useful help me to be prepared.
I just stop working,i don't know why.
Alerts phone promptly of seismic activity..
I receive messages almost real time..
Uninstalled is not working.
Very good and usefull. Thank you! It can help God safe lifes. Please keep helping.
Just had an aftershocks 3.1 and we felt it but was alerted in good time Utah United States.
Fast information and 100% reliable.
Difficult to use. Too confusing..
Too much complicated...also no settings for my country India. Therefore Uninstalling.
Very good app. To many ghost tremors.
It is a great app to have, I just wish I could turn it down just a little bit....
Enjoying a sense of relieaf for awareness from a recent 7.1 earthquake about 139 miles away from my area, can estimate numerous aftershocks in that area due in part by the Electro Magnetic Seismic Censors that alert your Smartphone..
Nice app, and correct so far as predictions go..
BEST APP now in Puerto Rico this the best app they give you a alarm every time you have earquate my daughter have to keep the good work.
i like it because the app tells when a aftershock happens.
Very good earth quake alert. it alerts me fast..
This app is great better than the other ones I tried wish it had volcanoes too.
Cool and all but it doesn't have my country..
In the Philippines doesn't have the earthquake early warning please can you access this from earthquake early warning in the philippines because every month we have an earthquake..
Wish you could chose only the states you wanted info about.
great app to have real time b4 eq.
Excellent for earthquake and tsunami areas..
Thank You ,,Great Info.
Trying to charge me for a subscription fee...
Easy to read.
it's consistent and reliable. High praise from a Quality Engineer.
Being able to get a network such assistance from Earthquakes network helps me RELAX PREPARE. THANKS .
I love this app!! Very precise!!.
Alerts are really good so far..
Something went wrong..
Best tool for Earthquakes!.
Lets you know right when its happening, great app.
Great app to use" its for everyone!.
Best earthquake alert app..
Accurate and informative!.
Very powerful and valuable app.
Very useful and informative!.
its a good app it tells you any aftershooks or any small or big earthquakes.
Wow Im glad I have the app here in PR has been one after another in the tremors.
A very instructing app..
Does everything it promises. Living in Puerto Rico there are numerous earthquakes every day. I set the parameter to 3.5 and just hear about those..
My app does not show recent news.
Cool, very helpful app for any californian.
Excellent in providing seismic info.
The user interface could be Better.
Best way to keep informed with accurate info.
Excelence. Real time alert, so far..
This app has saved my life!.
Great alert system..
it worked notifed me if there was sesmic activity in the area.
An excellent App. I love it..
VERY HELPFULL APP.
Let's u understands what's going on with earthquakes in your area at the moment..
Exelente very accurate congrats to the developers.
So far so good i like this very much..
It's very reliable..
Awesome but scary.
Love the alerts.
Excellent! Helpful app.
Awesome rapid notification!.
Couldn't figure out the filters.
This is a great app.
This App holds nothing back... yet..
Expellet alarm on real time.
Excelent app. Thank you..
Very good app up to now.
Real time alert exellent.
hard to tell where. maps not good..
Good To Be In Alert..!   Exelent App .
Perfect in all.
App is very unintuitive..
App not working.
Continually force closed itself.
Great up to date and info.
Does not give you the exact timeonly after it happens.
Almost realtime notification.
Earthquake on haifa israel before 15 min.. no sign for that.
Very fast alert earthquake.
Check on it everyday. Thank you..
great. real time alarm.
Notifies me of earthquakes in my region so I can stay safe! With this app, I will know when an earthquake is going to hit!.
Nice app guys. Funny! I think the programer missed classes of Geography and history. Or you get paid very poor.....
It depends from users on the road.
It help me to do thing comfortable..
Gives me peace of mind specifically tsunami.
Good to know where we stand..
IT doesn't alert me pay for nothing:-/.
Looks like like a sure winner aplicstion.
I feel its pretty good..
Its been very good ....
very fast information.
great app notice.
Best I have tried..
App Quit displaying earthquakes.
i had no experience it does not let me install.
.it's very helpful.
It keeps me informed.
Very useful app.
This thing works!.
Download the app a Couple of days ago it works well I will continue to use it.
Good so far!.
I would to say thank u for the app !! Its help me and my,family and friends here in puerto rico this few days !!! Thanks bc this app we been able to leave the house quikly and get safe !! Thanks.
Very good.. so far.
Not Bad At All.
Not as good as you want unless you go pro.
Beutiful, love it..
Earthquakes are hard phenomenon to detect a early alert but more people would help the USGS maybe we could prepare from one that has done it use it as took Ol.
Love it very good.
It's very good.
Is very accurate.
Usefull in Puerto Rico.
Well this app is very helpful for me.
Best app ever.
very nice app.
Life saving app.
Not showing for India.
I have a question to the program inventer hoping for an answer.Does this app function even in Europe?.
Not user friendly .
Dependable eq app.
Super interesting to follow the aplication. I live in Combarbala, Chile, and there was a 6.7 in La Serena, more than a week ago so there are many replicas after it. Thank you!.
Good, on alert but take a while to get more details..
so far so good ,I'm feeling comfortable about this app !@ that's all I'm going to say for now ,God bless you all !@.
My family is in Puerto Rico and this app is the best!.
it let me know right away if a earthquake happened in real time like as it's happening..
very good app..
GOOD APP. I AM GOING TO KEEP THIS ONE ! THIS ONE IS ON MY HOME PAGE..
Just keeping up since I live on the Southern Oregon coast. RING OF FIRE..
My country not available .
Thanks . Nice app..
I now know the size of the earthquake that woke me up here in Alaska. 5/7.
Alerted before shaking on July 5th, California quake..
Very precise information..
9.8 earthquake happened and it.
Thanks for being there. Great to have the information..
Too many information for me..
Not at all working.
Still figuring it out but it seems ok..
Was notified before waves reached my location.
Iboije it but me and our family are sacred..
good but not what I wanted..
The app fail this nigth in Puerto Rico.
no good.. never received a notification....
Amazing. I recommend it..
Best application I have use.
Presidential Primary Election in Town Hall USA.
The bed love it thanks again .
My kingdom for a dark mode..
Works for me.
Not what I expected.
It tell you about the quakes two hours later.
Good source for up-to-date information..
Keep me inform..
Hi Good information sources application..
came in handy for us in Ridgecrest.
alerted me 10 second before an earthquake.
stop with the fake earthquake alarm.
The experience was good.
No alert for the Alaska quake!.
not real app.
This app is cool. david.
Makes me feel a little bit safer..
good job. thank you.
i like it its great..
I think it is a cool app.
too hard to understand.
BEST EARLY WARNING SYSTEM.
It alarmed me on real time.
Lived in Oakland, Lk. Tahoe and now Vegas.
i like to be alter..
it worked on my phone.
It was good to protact life.
I like this app.
Helpful in Puerto Rico now.
absolute need to know.
Its useful apk it may save lives.
It's accurate.
keep going the good job.
Its real time.
like the app ...
very very good.
is very useful.
Good, free app.
needs more information afterwards.
works good so far.
never received a notification .
I like it so far..
Love this app.
can inform very good.
A GOOD APP .
I like is safety.
Both times waist only.
VERY GOOD APP.
Nice daw lol.
A GOOD APP TO HAVE .
Devloper resolved the issue and pointed out that I have been using Pro version only. Tks..
Realmente funciona.
Not working.
Not working.
Very reliable.
Great.
Excelent.
Best....
Awesome.
Excellent.
Great app.
El sonido de la alarma mexicana en tiempo real tiene un volumen bajo, deberia subirle el doble y una duracion mas prolongada...
Great.
Best.
Nice.
Excelente App..
No funciona el help. No puedo cancelar la cuenta pro ya que no hay referencia para cancelarla. Estoy muy molesto. Con esta situacin. No deben hacerle la vida imposible aquellas personas que auspiciaron la aplicacin, pero ya no lo desean.
Me deja saber en tiempo real lo que est pasando..
Poor.
Excellent!.
Very useful.
Good.
Excellent.
Important.
Great app.
Awesome.
Excellent app! Up to 30 secos of alert before the seismic wave arrives. Only thing missing is the option to export/import the configuration to help others to configure their app..
Is precise..
Excellent!!.
Very interesting.
Good..
Good.
Excellent app. A bit complicated in the configuration. But very accurate. Real time alerts are a plus. It works as an early alert system. I highly recommend thos app. I live in Puerto Rico and it has become a very useful tool..
2020-01-13: Still the best, no, the _only_ app out there which provides quick updates from users, from its own network, and from official Seismic agencies. Plus with SMS and email alerts, and very customisable quake alerts (distance, magnitude, alert sound). It's worth every money in support for the developers..
I gave it a 5 stars, before the Las update. Doesn't sound, doesn't even know that there was an earthquake were I live..
Excelente!.
WORKS GREAT!!!.
It works! And besides providing official info for earthquakes, it has warned me several times of incoming quakes!.
Esto no sirve.
Super app.
good app.
Nice.
Update: great work... keep it up. Thanks! Original: Please allow the user to customize what alerts we want to see better. For example, how about everything above 2.0 near me but anything above 5.0 globally. Thank you!.
Great app..
Good Project.
Wonderful..
Good.
it works.
molto informativa.
good information..
i like it.
right on.
super.
.
bad.
informative.
Best complete earthquake app that I've tried. I only wish you could look at history (date and magnitude)..
Bravissimo!.
spot on....
Works great.
I love it.
its ok.
The Best.
Informative.
excellent .
Deberan mejorar un poco la interfaz, el proyecto es muy bueno.
the best!!!.
informative.
genial.
good.
nice.
like it.
good stuff..
.
great app.
usefull application.
good app.
nice app.
best app.
Good app.
exelent..
excilent.
good.
Very useful.
very useful !!.
.
it works!!!.
good.
segura a tiempo real.
La alarma de sismo son unos 5 segundos despus de un temblor que nos despert. Por lo menos te avisa, especialmente a las personas que les cuesta despertar o que estan distraidas. Te da actualizaciones de otros sismos a nivel mundial..
Good App.
it works..
muy til.
muy util.
Very good.
mega important.
works great.
Funziona bene, vivo nel centro Italia e le notifiche degli utenti arrivano in tempo. Ottimo lavoro, non do 5 stelle solo perch la grafica  da migliorare..
So messy.
You like me.
Super cool.
Great.
Good.
Could you include INFO BMKG, for Indonesia update earthquake report. Its from government meteorological..
Thank you so very much for your time..
super.
Awesome APP....
Don't like, no me llegan las notificaciones y me sale un mensaje que no esta en tiempo real.
Indonesia is a part of Ring of Fire. But it doesn't existe..
Ribet sih, tapi ku usahakan mengerti.
real time..
Excellent.
Very helpful apps thanks....
V. Good !.
Fantastico!.
Impressive!.
Great app!.
Earth quake is very important.
It's a good resource to be informed on time.
Smart.
It works! Funziona!.
Not working.
Nice app!!!.
Interesting app.
So far so good!!.
Takes awhile to get it set up so I don't get to many alarms, but real neat 
after that. Only app that tries to give advance warning that currently 
works correctly..
Great app, i heard the alarm and wondered what it was, no notifcation on my 
phone and the suddenly i felt the quake, since phones closer to the quake 
felt it before i did i got the aler before the wave reached me, pretty 
neat, just gotta mess aroi d with the settings a bit, they are a little 
overwhelming.
Received an alert before I felt the quake, first time that has happened and 
was a little surprised. I think that makes the app worth figuring out the 
settings..
This is a very flexible and accurate app to use ...
So far so good. Me gusta la panochita mucho ami.
Great app. Like the alarm feature. Real good for us living in southern 
California..
Great app! No complaints!.
It's a great tool, early warning could be great if can detect the first waves of an earthquake (p-waves) or make more accessible the first to be notified service.  Hey dear Francesco this is a such great app, and being massive make it better, why did you withdraw support for old Android versions, the app now doesnt work in my phone, please expand the support..
I have looked at a number of EQ apps, and this is the best!.
Doesnt suck so far.
App for a few.
Ugh, pay for the pro-version? I wouldn't take money to try the free version. Look elsewhere..
There seems to be a bug, I live in Japan and was using JMA I would have notifications everyday all over Japan and even my area. Seems Jma isn't working with the app anymore, shame because I really liked this app a lot..
Thanks great app really helpful.  AAA++++.
Quiero ponerlo al espaol soy de Ecuador.
It keeps me up to date and hopefully warn me too.
I like it!.
Interesting,useful expecially for an Itakian as I am.
no.1 app.
Clever & very useful app, for all world population.
Very informative app..
Very good app....
Good app.
Love it.
Difficult to use and cannot manually select my region.  Useless..
Todas las alertas que recib, las chequ en el sismolgico de mi pas y no haba registros.
An excellent app, accurate and timely but I'm only monitoring. I just hope it works in as timely a fashion if ever there's a quake by me. I'm sure it will though based on what I've seen so far. A must have app for anyone living in active areas, those few extra seconds could make all the differences. 10/10 if I could..
Nice app,very helpful.It would make even more logical sense if you can have link to earthquake preparedness tips.
It seems this would be worthless if ,as reported here, it only shows quakes that users are reporting. Wouldn't it be far better to have a warnin?.
I reported the 4.0 in Oregon and they never showed it. This is waste of time.
What's better in Pro version compare to Free version? I don't see difference worth $5. May I have a refund please? I thought I can change my location in Pro version. I want to get alerts about where my family lives not about where I live..
Must have if you are a truly caring guy.
It's great app to know about the earthquakes.
Awesome app. Always keeps me alert..
Exelente aplicacion; muy atinada en su informacion.
Coooooool!.
Nice !  Very accurate!.
Its a good app but do not sound when earquek came.
This show only some earthquake.
It  works..
Good app.
Love it.
Nice app.
Good.
Muy buena aplicacin, me avis con 30 segundos de anticipacin en el temblor del 25 de diciembre de la ciudad de Mxico.
Cool app..
Uninstalled. Far too many useless notifications, even after having turned them off under settings I continue to receive notifications about 50 times a day of very minor earthquakes taking place often over 500km away..
Muy buena aplicacin para estar al pendiente de los temblores y su magnitud, as como estar alerta a los temblores en tiempo real..
Good App, not very friendly but once you get the hang of it, gives you loads of information..
La alarma sismica de la red ah sonado ya dos veces dando una falsa alarma en la cdmx..
This is exactly what I've been looking for. It will totally compliment my news vlog!   Keep up the by great work!.
No, te permite cambiar el idioma.
Best app!.
Excelente aplicacion.
Love it!.
Love it!!.
Great app It took some time for it to show the notification of the app working in background without necessarily opening the app, but now it does..
I like this app, but sometimes it doesnt work..
No.
Useful app, few times earthquake report belongs to other location and no fix...what's the time difference between event time and reported time by this app  (sometimes is low others more than 45 minutes).
Sometimes it doesn't show the map of the place of the earthquake.
I like it, I want to be informed. In this it feels less horrible.
La ms precisa que hay, vale la pena..
best app ever !  gives lot of info . the smartphone network works like a charm. Love the interface !!!.
The alarm does not work. Dangerously misleading..
First time using it recommended by a friend . its .
Like all except the ui.
Very good !! Easy to use.
I love this thank you so much it is very useful.
This app is a work of Genius.
Great.
Los moderadores en este chat de espaol no tienen Buena actitud para lidiar con el chat uno se atrevi a decir que si l no est en el chat la sala se vuelve un establo!!.
Awesome app. Even detected the North Korea nuclear blast..
I get to know in real time earthquakes faster than many other apps, notifications from all over the world and have many interesting tools to know what's happening in the world.
Estoy en la ciudad de Mxico y esta fue la nica app que ha alertado correctamente rplicas y sismos leves despus del 19 de  septiembre.
Excelente app! Ha estado avisandome correctamente de los temblores. La recomiendo ampliamente!.
Very well developed and very useful..
The best!!!.
Very important alarm when earthquake is close to my position..
This app fills a real need in earthquake prone regions, but it could be much better. The UI needs a lot of work..
I love it and its so detailed and easy to use..
Why does it need so many permissions? What do you need all that info for?.
It is a useful app.
Good.
Nice and useful...
Very good, I liked this APP..
For me, earthquakes are a curiosity. Michigan typically gets small very localized events. This app satisfies my needs..
This app alert me 10 seconds before a earthquake.
I like this app a lot. Good way to keep on top of seismic activity.
Very informative interface and interactivity. Bella.
freakin awesome.
My Galaxy Note 4 tells me this app is slowing down my phone - 10 errors in one week - What's up Dev? Will go back to 5-stars when it's fixed.
I do not see many installs in the San Diego, California area, so the early warning feature is probably of limited use currently. It does rapidly show to USGS postings on the feed. It would be good to add a "keep app running in the background" feature, with a visible icon on the tray, like an antivirus program... That way one could still get advanced warnings even if your phone is not plugged in and charging. Or perhaps implement an SMS text warning to phones based on geolocation if having the app always ready to receive alerts drains too much battery. Perhaps shutting off the magnetometer / accelerometer when the phone is not plugged in could solve it..
I love this app. The app  informs me with an alarm  seconds before an earthquake happens. I am from Ecuador and is one of the most dangerous countries to live because of the earthquakes and volcanoes. I lost my mommy and my stepfather in a 7.8 earthquake  April 16 2016. My goal is for all Ecuadorians to download this app. God Bless and keep up the good work. Thank you.
Wonderful App.
You'd better improve the graphics..
Earthquake stats are great but the chat is so bad. Filled with Chilean trolls in all language chats, and the Japanese chat, you can't even type in Japanese because it gives you an error saying "text filled with capital letters".
From Chile, land of earthquakes... It really works... Alarm 10-20 seconds before earthquake....
Easy to use, very useful for those living in earthquake prone countries. All it needs are users, who knows maybe from this app, you might save a life. Chatroom is convenient, especially to those who are experiencing an earthquake..
Awesome! It helps a lot, so accurate..
A++++.
Effective.
Good job.
Good.
I love it.
a nice and pretty good app. Bit the Same app on Morzilla under Linux is quite faster than the app on my mobile. But thats OK.
App works great for advising me of seismic activity near my home. I live on a fault line and like to know about any activity..
Great app!.
Excelente Aplicacion.
Accuracy is almost perfect.Better apps than other ordinary. Thanks....
Highly accurate and helpful.
Un po' carente nelle descrizioni durante il setting. Ottima. Comprer la pro.
whant to know?.
Totalmente inutile: le istruzioni non dicono di installare l'app su un cellulare non in uso ma fermo su un comodino o inchiodato al muro, quindi il network rileva 1 terremoto su 1000! Allora meglio l'app EMSC.  L'unico modo per rendere utile un'app di allerta terremoti  che l'app avverta l'utente PRIMA che la scossa venga notificata tramite internet all'app (da sismosgrafi o, peggio, da persone). E l'unico modo per farlo  che le migliaia di copie di questa app installate in giro risiedano su cellulari fissati al muro, che fungano da sismografi.  Altrimenti,    solo una delle tante app (e mi ha segnalato UNA scossa dal 30/10/2016 al 13/11 2016!!!).
Love this app.
Good.
Nice.
Enjoy checking out the latest information very up to date.
La app funziona davvero bene. Sono molto soddisfatta! Vorrei dare un consiglio ai sviluppatori per quanto riguarda il bottone rosso per segnalare il terremoto in corso... Secondo me pu essere migliorato perch i utenti sono utilissimi a segnalarne uno in corso e a volte anche pi veloci e possono salvare vite! Perch ci si mette troppo tempo a trovare il bottone rosso (secondo me deve essere sulla prima pagina), troppo tempo anche a scegliere il magnitudo. Deve essere semplificato, la tendina e troppo comp.
My brother is living in middle Italy, so it's good for me to know if all is good there. Grazie!.
Es muy util e intetesante.
Very good app.
Works real good and I feel sick I know how bad it was good and we know it so I know it's coming so be ready for it make sure you got food for 3 days first aid kit and take care of yourself be careful......
The best earthquake application. Thank you.
Muestra la informacion en forma ordenada, tiene opciones de alarma, y es facil de usar. Muy buena app..
Very good.I like very much..
Very interesting.
This app is great, but I would like to have an alarm for Ecuador, since my family lives there. This app works with my GPS location and does not allow me to have an alarm when earthquakes from Ecuador happened. It would be great if you could look into that. Thank You. You save lives with this app.
Las alertas no son en tiempo real o posterior a corto tiempo, recibo las alertas hasta 36min despus.
Works perfectly. It alerts a couple of seconds before the quake depending of how far the epicenter is. In the same way waze knows the traffic from cars already on it, this relies on other devices near the quake origin to tell..
Urgent, plese organize by day and hour no by intesity and create a resume by magnitude.
Warns you before the earthquake starts.
Wow this amazing.
Very user friendly and flexible. This also has the side benefit of being the best global mapping application that I have on my phone..
Very useful app.
It keeps me updated with the aftershocks of the 7.8Mw earthquake here in Ecuador. Even it can prevent 10s before the seismic wave arrives to my location. Thanks and God bless you for developing and sharing such great app!!.
great App!.
Great app.
I think it's a good app for event alerts around the world. BUT the seismic network alerts are not working today. I hope it gets fixed or if I need to buy the pro version. If that will fix it, I may buy it. It's important that it works for me.  4/14/16 UPDATE The seismic network alerts are now working again so I'm giving it a five.  Thanks.
As an emergency manager this is a fantastic app in relation to my job.Earthquakes arrive within a minute or two and I can monitor any developing situation.Today 16th April not working frustrating as busy on Planet Earth.
Good work, well done.
Need more users, please consider making a campaign on this... A crowdsource app wont work without a crowd....
If you want to be notified quickly you have to pay per month.
Outstanding app. Well done!.
Alert not in real time..
Well designed.
Its a very good and useful app! It records Major to Minor earthquakes  everyday from all over the world. Great!.
Real time detection.
Great app.
Keeps having messages pop up saying "something went wrong" and not loading anything. Please fix ASAP, especially during a time with a lot of activity!!! Edit: Thanks for the reply!.
Good app.
We are not getting notification alerts now a days. what's the problem sir???.
Signal to noise needs work.  Don't need to know that a hamster farted 18,000 kms away..
Very informative and intelligent. I recommend people to keep this application handy in earthquake prone countries. Absolutely reliable..
Tengo fobia a los temblores y vivo en un pais altamete sismico. Esta aplicacion me interesa... jejejejeje.
GALAXY NOTE 3.
I am hooked!.
One of the best app.
It's good to have this kind of application. Thanks for the developer.  Good job..
Vry nice.
Good app. Very useful..
Good to know about the latest.
I like its alarm.
Great App.
i like.
App.
This app should help those interested in keeping track of any seismic activity all over the world. GOODNIGHT JOB GUYS!.
Awesome app...very happy with it.  Thank you. :).
now starting to use.
Very good app, would recommend to anyone.
No.
Me encanta!.
Its great.
I am From Nepal.This  app provides real time quake notice .....I feel the earthquake and instantly the alert comes with the Details.....
Difficult to use a general user like me.
The new plataform is very bad.
Vere nice app it helps us about earrhquick..
I just want notification near NEPAL only and alert alarm...how To set..?.
Good to see from different Appex..
nice and effective app.
Very useful n timely information of around the world.
Good jab.
Elias.
From my side.
Fast information.
Good app.
Jpt.
Gr8 app.
Nicely done.
Loving it.
But seems that faults in US don't appear any longer, would love to see the faults in the entier world and more earthquake data base and a sismo map would be great to get the picture better I know u just touch and zoom, but an option to go strait to seing them all in one go and not one by one.. Even though it's my fav and only app I really use and spend hours with, i combine with google earth, thats my fav pass time if Im not reading!!! Brilllant, fab job..
Great app. Here Updating me in nepal..
The  best app ever  I love radars so this is perfect for me.
Thanks for ur team.
Very good app it saved my life.
Works so good, very happy.
Great app.
nice app.
Excellent.
Best app ever seen.
Good in feature and intresting.
Love this app it's better the.other ones.
It is great.
What happened to the competition game ????????.
I like the idea I can control certain features. Will further review this app.
Good coverage, wide information , multilinguial, perfect app..
Chat is a nice feature many languages available anyone can use this great app.
All you need in one app.
Need to improve better sharing interface without saving any picture on the device.
After spending three months competing, and getting up to fourth place predicting quakes, they changed rules, and reset points. Lost interest after having my points taken away, but I did verbally predict the largest quake to hit bay area in 25 years. No need to compete for me to predict accurately..
Una aplicacion muy importante, felicidades..
Contains full screen pop up ads. I will not accept these under any circumstances. Uninstalling..
Still can't customise tabs, need voice notification, including reading out name of earthquake location. Earth tracker can read location out.  Don't want extra tabs just want to be able to deselect any I don't like/ need/ want from existing tabs..
Amazing app.
V good.
Works well.
Very good.
Very good.
Good.
Interesting!.
Nice.
I lov this APP!!Seems u guys r working hard, keep up the great work! ~Thanks~ Dutchsinse super fan ~ Oregon blackout ~.
Great new interface.
I like this disaster app the most. Plus as more people use it the better it will get. I really like the fact that it does not just count on the USGS.  I see many earthquakes happen in the USGS backyard that they don't report.  The USA still does not think you need to know if you may panic. The real cool thing it's if I want my phone can help record local seismic activity if I choose and it's laying flat and plugged in charging. I just WiFi my phone to the home internet while I'm sleeping and it is charging..
Everything you need, all in one place..
Up to date info and it isnt monotored. User can submit quakes as well! Im impressed..
I am truly impressed Francisco you outdid yourself keep up the good work my name is Rico from Puerto Rico.
Great app! I hadn't found one so exact and fast.
Excellent.
Great information.
Good app.
This is a good app I've found some before they are good ya but this one has it :).
Here in Oklahoma theirs a whole lot of shaking going on, over 30 quakes of Mag 2.1 up to 4.2 in the last 7 days & this App has responded to each & every one of them..
keep up the good work! what is the benefits for purchasing the pro versions? looking forward to it..
Excelente app!!.
Great app....
There should be an option to have alerts override the vibrate or mute mode on cellphones, since hearing alerts no matter what is VERY important. Also, the Mexican Seismic Service SHOULD BE INCLUDED. Finally, The app's graphic interface is terrible..
Do not skip the instructions. Very helpful. Easy to navigate. Works great:) I wish you can ad to the map not only the time,  but the magnitude:)).
It has a lot of info. I got to push the big red button when I felt the earthquakes here in California. I'm part of the statistical reporting.
So far the most important app ive downloaded to date.
Great app, works well and a lot of people use it. And also allows you to discuss seismic thungs with people. But please actually tell us new features in updates..
I like the app but its locked up 3 times already today..
good for old versions.
Nice app.
No bravo.
You have no control over the notifications which drains the battery tremendously. With the major uptick of earthquakes happening, you will have to charge your phone a couple times a day (which is a major pain in the tush), prior to me installing this app, I only had to charge my phone every other day, with this app I was having to charge my phone a couple times a day!  To much hassle those app is. Don't waste your time with this one..
I installed this app to get early warning of earthquakes in CDMX. A few hours ago, the city's early warning sirens sounded about a minute before the earthquake happened, but this app did nothing until after the earthquake had finished. It did sound the alert notification and had correct information, but it was too late..
Waste of data.. Doesn't show any earth quakes in the us when there's been a ton in yellowstone.
All in one app. The chat feature is one of the best. The perfect opportunity to chat and learn from people from around the world. If you enjoy talking earthquake,  natural disasters...this is the app for you.
Love this app I'm going have to try out earthquake network pro this told me sand point had a 4.5 little while back it was the first app to notefie me one was close to me thanks for the app I would have no idea what I would do with out it.
Don't appear to be any maps, or at least, the maps had no data on them. Also, I couldn't find any filters so I could filter out lower magnitude quakes. The FAQ said it was in an options menu but I couldn't find it. So I've uninstalled it..
It crashes on notifications and keep alerting all earthquakes eventought I only set it to 1000km and 4.5 magnitude.
La recomiendo pero seria mejor experiensa para otros usuarios que por 15 das de prueba este en modo pro y 2 meses   gratis.
Aplicaia chiar funcioneaz. Pentru ca am setat-o greit m-a trezit de vreo 2 ori din som. De cnd am pus locaia i raza distantei de alerta corect, pot sa dorm linitit. Am cumprat i versiunea pro ca sa ajut developerii.  Foarte mulumit. Recomand..
Yillik 42 ile PRO olmadan da yeterince gl. Fakat PRO extra zellikler merakli biriyseniz o fiata kairilacak cinsten deil.
Dumb azz popup for adds. I'll be leaving..
Es como q muy complicada, sus graficas tienen demasiada informacion y las instrucciones son confusas..
but not useful for me.
Gives notification of any earthquake even before they appear on the news.  With location and size. And has great community..
todo esta en ingles y no tiene opcin para cambiarlo a espaol, que mal .
Shows Ads. Uninstalled & Not Recommended..
En puerto rico hubo un terremoto y esto nos silvio de mucho.
Was good silent app. But some how last update make this app asking something all.the time. Uninstalled..
I get the alert 20 minutes after... it is normal?  Or i have to change something?.
How to use it ?.
This is very useful app..
Muy buena aplicacion vale la pena descargarla.
Alkhamdulillaah, Alkhamdulillaah, Alkhamdulilaah, Subkhaanallaah, Amantu Billaah, Saya Wim-MUJAHIDIN-JIHAD, Allaahu Akbar..
Most nepalese will download it.
It has worked good for us I recommend it.
AMEN.
Excelente muy confiable..
Imgoingto just try.
well!.
Great App to monitor earthquakes.
I like it.
I like it.
I like it.
Without a doubt user friendly!.
Nic apps.
Tug.
Not good.
Es el mejor Earthquake .
This is best app seismograph.
Dami rahechha.
Very good app.
I like this.
Good app.
It is too good.
Very Nice.
Timely rep app.
Good app.
Wonderful.
Nice app.
Wow.
THAX.
Ayuda.
Sucks.
Hmmmmmnnn.
Yeaah.
Like.
Super.
Ok.
Settings.
Sucks.
Very good..
great app......
Best.!.
:).
I love it ........ five star.
Great!!!.
Very useful.
Very nice.
Nice app.
Nice.
Exactly good.
Its safe.
very good.
Useful app.
So loving.
Its good.
VERY GOOD.
Very Precise.
Very good.
Excellent!!!.
very good.
Love it.
Excellent...
good.
Great.
Good.
Cool.
Good.
Effective.
Good.
Excellent i.
Good.
Love it.
exelent.
Good.
Good.
Excellent.
helpful
Very good app. However, It's not up to the minute. It lags about 45 to 90 minutes behind "live" reports. (All temblors on the fastest sites are 5-10 minutes behind due to processing.).
Easy to use. But lacking great geographical specificity..
I had the advanced one for months and paid for it. Then it started malfunctioning and I had to get this. I am NOT going to pay again. Sucks.
Not worth it lags and cost is not worth paying the free version is better.
I like the app; wish I could narrow down the regions for which I want updates..
I get frustrated that I can't open it each time directly to NZ North Is..
Thank you for fixing this app... it is the absolute best one out there!!.
Excellent app. My search for quake ends here. I humbly suggest to pl. give the name of the country alongwith the place of quake. Mahesh Joshi..
Good earthquake app, works reliably..
Kept navigating back to the US when I needed to see uk , Israel.
Easy to use,very informative. Thanks!!!.
can the app bee a bit more accurate than how it is ??? but I like it anyways.
It wants me to update to view anything , but won't LET me update..
I like the app but would like miles instead km.
The map starts out in the middle of the USA. Have it start out at my location..
Often it shows' could not find earthquaks'. It wastes time..
Cant set location near me!.
I like it, I think it can be verey helpful..
Its a great aplication, almost in real time..
Great app to have!.
"Yesterday" is not an accurate or acceptable time for an earthquake event. I would think you can do better than that..
Fast and accurate.
I want dates and time where the pin marks the earthquake..
It has only been a few weeks, but so far I am impressed.
Scarery and frigthen our first experirience.The southern part of our Island .PuertoRico is the first time .it been shaken since Saturday with lot of replicas the last was today 3.54..
Dont have to comvert GMT and can clearly read.. EeeeHaw.
Still learning it.
THE OTHER APP WAS BETTER.
So i can no where it hite at That why i like it..
Mother earth is P off! love it......
Its very good..
thank you still havent really seen much.
Very informative, tks.
VERY GOOD APP TO HAVE .
GOOD APP TO HAVE .
Bravo Francesk ..ju uroj suksese per kete program ..na duhet ne keto momente ..jemi krenar qe nje shqiptar ka bere kete app ....peace for Albania.
It's ok.
Great app..
Nice!.
Accurate Alerts.
Pleasant..
love it.
Excellent.
Good.
Awesome.
Awesome.
Love it.
Why TODAY its notifying me a Fiji from 3/4 and 3/6 today 3/13.
I like it.
Nice app for who want to become seismologist.
Excellent app..
One of the best.
i like this app. gj guys.
To select filters (set min magnitude), when in the middle of list,  you need to scroll all the way up. When in the middle of list (scrolled down) I don't even see the filter icon. Confusion and bad UI.  Otherwise I would give it 4 stars..
Absolutely brilliant app, I'm surprised more people haven't downloaded this..
Very good, has lots of great information. Love it..
So far I really like it..
Great app.
Nice app.
Good.
Very well made.
Really nice app, great settings menu and clean good looking interface, but unfortunately ruined by advertisements. Can't I pay to remove them? Some other notes: 1) the charts screen in the homepage lags on my nexus 5X 2) it would be nice if I could choose my "main" screen, I'd prefer the recent list over the charts 3) the "Correctly updated at .." popover everytime is annoying, I would just put that information at the top or bottom in a small font, and display the popover only when the update fails.
First the things I don't care for: when you select an event to view on the map, it zooms in with an info tag. Fine. There is no option to return to the wide map view. Hit map key, nothing. Back key, your out of the app. You have to pinch repeatedly many times to zoom out. This is a time consuming pain that makes geo-scrolling undesirable.   There's no way to set the magnitude threshold for alerts, only notifications for "important" alerts, which is ambiguous. The event does list provides clear data..
Excellente and innovative app!.
At this time June 2nd of 2018 during last week where a lot of earthquakes 
in the southern part of Mexico. Magnitudes 4 and higher. Do you know how 
many of they appeared on the map? 0, zip, none, nada. What a disappointment..
Superb,  I highly recommend you buying the full version 3d earth in satellite footage,  hands down truly a excellent app thanks to the creator making this possible..
'Tap to Monitoring'? Really? Improper grammar makes for a bad app..
Not working .
Tiene compra
It helps us locating where was the exact earthquake locations and the magnitude. But still confuse checking the weather forecast. Keep up the good work.. Thank you.
This app has lots of potential. It's has more features than Dark Sky. I'd like to see a widget for this. Keep up the good work. Idol!.
It is simple and gives alot of earthquake strikes w/ ease, no struggle, thanks 4 the effort..
Weather tracker is useless. No information..
Great app. I can now monitor if there are earthquakes.
Easy to use and always updated.
This app is very helpful for all us ....... Thanks for that apps.
Good reliable and fast updates.
I wonder what type of darts and dart board they use to predict the weather! Maybe made in China or by Donald Trump!.
Great app. I like using when i want an update in calamities and hazards and it is helpful for us civilians. Im gonna recommend this with my friends and fams. May I suggest that you may add feature of a widget so i may not struggle opening it, especifically the utilities when comes of disaster happens..
Awesome app. Very informative..
Not the most attractive app, but it's functional. It's accuracy depends entirely upon the information provided by the related government agencies..
The App provides the daily updates from PhilVolcs and is useful for a few weather updates but since the satelite pictures are from last year...forecast verification is limited.
So good. Update makes it more better..
Accurate weather and earthquake advisse also taal eruption thank you for the apps.
Very informative and detailed.
Fix some problem in wind weather to the typhoon its saying no internet connection but I have internet access.
It is the most convenient app for earthquakes so far.
sana ma improve pa, pati ads sana wala na rin.
Great app wee need this especially I am from padada davao delsur earthquake victim.
Updated to pro. I like this one view Earthquakes, weather and other alerts. Keep up the good work.
helpful but real time information is delayed. I have observed that it takes around 10-15 minutes for the app to reflect an actual earthquake. this span of time is critical especially if an earthquake triggers a tsunami. In Japan, it only took around 15 minutes for the 1st waves to reach land..
Having friends and family in the Philippines, California, Israel, Guatemala, Japan, Kuala Lumpur and various other countries, its extremely important to me to be well informed. The problem I have with this app ... When I try to open SETTINGS, it shuts down!!! Please fix this bug! It's very irritating. Otherwise, thank you for this service..
I hope you can use this app without internet connection because we don't know if there's something happens and all connections were down, you can still use this. And i think it's a little bit nice if it has features about what to do when earthquake happens, some tips for safety and protection because i think that's the main goal of this app is to let know people about whats happening, right? It's a good app tho. Will still recommend to my friends..
I got this app for a recent trip to the Philippines thinking it was only good for the trip. However it's fully loaded to the point where it's still my main weather app for Japan too. It tells me the low tides, typhoon radar, local weather, earthquakes, pretty much anything you might want to know, in your local area. Awesome app!.
This app is really good and helpful, one thing I want to check is the naming of places. I live in Tala-o, Sulop, Davao del Sur. This place is next to Talas, Sulop , north west of sulop and it is a long almost straight road up to Solongvale, , but in your app, balasinon elementary school can be found near my place, where in reality ,balasinon is near the sea and Malalag. I hope it will be checked..
Great eq app. Very useful.
I'll give four stars for now because there are still some bugs in the app like when you add one city, it'll show two instead of one. However, its a great app and has a lot of potentials. It just need some improvements because some functions are still not working..
Suddenly the i cant add my city on my weather.
It's potentially a great app, but I can't use it as it needs 'Location Services' to be activated in order to get my location. I won't activate that. Instead I would rather just identify my location manually by selecting a location to be used for the purpose from a map..
Good app except for local earthquake reports. All they show are provincial results but nothing for NCR or any part of Metro Manila. Other reports are ok except for local earrhquakes. This should be fixed because NCR and Metro Manila is part of the Philippines too..
Accurate and timely.
a must and up to date weather and earthquake information.
From time to time i'm always updating the location of the nearest earthquake to my province specificaly batangas area where taal volcano is more or less 20km from my town.
App is good. Can you include the earthquake location in the alert/notification? so that we know the location right away..
Outstanding app for Philippines. Filled with valuable data. Make sure you look for drop down menus on top of some pages, some pages look blank until you choose the information you are looking for..
very accurate app. easy to trace what weather feedbacks you are looking for. keep up the good work to satisfy the public for weather updates etc..
This App on weather and earthquake alert is very helpful for me to know what's happening worldwide. I have to be always prepared for its effect. It's a learning experience for me that earthquake is occurring now and then..
Slow to detect earthquakes it took 30 minutes for it to know where the earthquake is. If you rely on this app to tell where a tsunami causing earthquake is you would be dead if you live near sea. Edit: Thank you sir for the information. But, for sure I will purchase your app just because your accomodating and kind. I hope you add USGS or any site that will help improve this app. God bless Changed  star to  star.
This app is very useful and helpful. I always recommend this to my friends and families to monitor quakes. Hope it shows the default lines on the map. But overall this is a very good app.
Hi! I would like to know why the Satellite (the Satellite Buttons/list) doesn't appear in the list like the last thing before you update this app. Can I know why?.
Everything works ok, except the earthquake magnitude filter. I set it at 2.5, and still get anything less than that. ( but I must add that yours is the best ap.).
I can't add my current city. When I searched it in the search bar it says No results. Can someone please help me with this issue. Thanks and more power..
Great App! Has a complete source of information on many different weather and disaster events..
Again, this is very nice. Hope you can also add a tab where it shows all the fault lines across the map. That will be very very helpful..
Very comprehensive and useful. Thank you for updating!.
Thanks. Got it. One more thing. Set the default page to earthquake (local) but it does not work..
So far 5 star, almost immediate response from the developer, 100% better than other apps I paid for, keep up the good work.
This is more than just a weather app. It has info on almost all hazards. Very very nice!.
Very helpful and informative.
The only CREDIBLE app (of same function) you'll find in google play.... go for PRO .... for just US87cents, sort of showing appreciation for the developer , ( no ads ) .....
Great app. Improvements can be done UI-wise but still user-friendly nevertheless. Thanks!.
Great app. I'm using this to track weather and help me on my class on meteorology..
This app has useful features like weather and earthquake alerts, rain watcher, tide forcast, it even has moon phases. It's quite packed for a FREE app..
The updates was always about Cotabato and nearby places. It is helpful, but I also want direct updates from my location..
Very informative and helpful! Thank you for creating a free version..
This is a very good app to keep me informed on tge latest EQ events. Thanks, Keep it up..
The updated results always loading. You cant read the whole story without loading the entire article again and again. Truly a Pinoy made app..
Great app!! Easy to use and very informative! Tried others but this one tops them all!!.
Pretty good. Definitely wish the Google map would pop-in when you tap the small map in the earthquake information thing.
Local earthquake list is not updated, it is showing latest update was nov 5, 2018..
The "filter magnitude" doesn't work, notification doesn't work either..
please fix the weather radar..to show current weather conditions rain and wind etc..will change my rating if fix.
good but please do something it always backing/ focus to my location when touching other location in map.
no longer working for 2days -EARTHQUAKE LOCAL after the quake in Samar. Downloaded other app to keep me updated on what's latest news in the Phil.
Has potential, but keeps closing after I set earthquake magnitude for alert. Uninstalled..
Very accurate and reliable. I will definitely recommend this app to my family and friends..
Its very informative and useful.
This is not just the best, rather incomparable. Great work..
don't want to do anything with any kind of accuracy the weather seems slow The earthquake warning seem to be accurate but way behind the potentials there but says the irritation.
there seems to be a hiccup on the system i cant open the other pages pl do something.
At first its okay, but then suddenly the date where i was always scrolling these app for any update of latest earthquake happening in cotabato or in any nearby places..
Great! you brought back the option on which opens first at start-up! Thanks.
Very useful app. It keeps you aware of what is happening to our place in real time..
Quickest way to get earthquake updates. Accurate and timely..
it took so long to give earthquake updates.
I don't understand why Davao city earthquake is not detected in this App. are you only selecting some places???.
great and helpful apps daily updated news info before or during catastrophe KODUS TO THE ADMIN AND STAFFS :).
I was amazed. Its accurate..when news on TV mentioned the magnitude of earthquake happened earlier today in Davao..nice one.
Earthquake data Not updated. Last update on the app was 2018.
very helpful but the wind item is down.
Earthquake location not worked since update! Rarely any radar.
This is so cool, the maps and timelines spot on ..
Very comprehensive app! Highly recommended..
PHILVOLCS data source is pretty much useless. Nothing was showing up until I switched to NOAH data source..
big thanks for this! watta great apps! more power to developers! salute!.
Idk if its accurate but i like the wind video if its accurate its really great and cool.
I can track nearby earthquake and the time its been posted takes only few minutes. I am satisfied. Good job..
Very good apps because it gives me about typoon tracks and others.
The app crashed. I cant find the map anymore..
Had to uninstall since it always tells me no data available and to try later..
Keep improving! This is a very helpful app!.
Thank you for this app. Very useful in times of calamities.
the latest update fixed everything. thank you man. i really love this app..
A very useful app. Keep up the good work. More power!.
Very reliable so far... Thank you!.
Can't say anything more at the moment that I've just started using it but, one thing I should ask is please uodate or add an hour selection to international standard as in 00:00 to 24:00 basis NOT that AM & PM you use! I will give you 48hours then, would say goodbye if not rectified. Thanks..
Comprehensive but has a few bugs.
A big thanks to the devs for the exerted effort on bringing this app to its full potential..
Great app and user friendly..
This apps gives you information where earthquakes and i can check it qhenever im online , i hope there will be an offline apps so that we can check it anytine when we are offline..
great app! by the way, what's the difference between this one and the pro app? thanks..
great app! very accurate! i like it!.
I like its utility it'll be helpful in case of emergency.
It's good And i hope that it notify faster right after the quake.
kudos! hope the developers would improve this app! very helpful!.
So far so good. Updated to all earthquake activities and weather reports..
So informative and not misleading. I recommend it with my friends. Thank you. God bless you..
I'm a nocturnal spear fisherman and this app helps me a lot. Thanks for making this app..
Earthquake update in LOCAL not working useless app.
Philippine earthquakes are not shown lately. Nov 5 2018 data is the most recent but world data is updated..
a very helpful app worth to installed in your device..
Useful great app..
A Very helpful weather app....
Thats cool! Now, its working now. Thanks for that tip..
Up to date advisory on earthquakes. Appreciate the hazard/flood areas.
It's nice it gives me data about the current earthquakes in the philippines..
This app is good and reliable and that's why I like it..
useful especially now that there are frequent earthquakes.
Always updated within a few minutes.
this app is very useful in terms of emergency.
Love the update information, fast!.
I will test this app while we are living in earthquake red zone.
Very informative, a must for everyone..
very helpfull and accurate data..
Accurate. And it gives information..
im expecting more, something like detection but i suppose i just have to deal with what this app can offer..
Easy Use & Good Information.
good app., very usefull.,.
it is very informative. excellent app..
Why is Las Pias City, Philippines has no result when I search in My Weather?.
This new is helpful most especialy to inform our relative and friend to be alert. Thank you..
Informative and Useful.
It helps a lot..
very easy to use. Good job. .
very helpful very practical.
This app very helpful to every one.
It takes a while to report..
One of the most useful apps on my phone with information that is good to know. You won't regret downloading it. #FeelingNerdy.
Extremely helpful app..
keep on improving!!! awesome!!!.
nice apps for monitoring earthquake.
No earthquake information .
Very useful apps..
Accurate and informative.
Very useful app! .
I like this app's very useful..
Very useful application!.
Nice app. Reliable..
Great while I live in Philippines where quakes hit every day.
the best apps for preparedness measure for DRRM.
Informative apps excellent........
Up to date! Thank you for the timely and important information. Keep it up..
Very usefull app!!!!.
Very functional for my use..
it gives me immediate information once the earthquakes struck.
Very useful app..
Great app. Love it..
good app.. very useful.
Most functions doesnt work.
Very helpful to used.
Its not showing on my list of app... why?.
Please provide miles and local time.
its good very user friendly.
app just keeps getting better.!.!.! now I'm able to "see"... and know, not worrying about my friends... now you know... needs to show ALL faults ( Negros )... Job well done people.!.!.! 22 Oct 19... I'm learning to manuver around in the new updated version... And again this app just gets better, almost faster than I can keep up.!.!.! Truth be known... PHIVOLCS NEEDS TO FOLD IN THIS APP INTO THEIRS.!.!.! JUST COMPARING KEROSENE LANTERNS TO LED LIGHTING... ... LOOK... JUST DO YOURSELF A FAVOR...
very helpful to ecologist and biologist....
its great it help us monitored the movements.
Good information. Very pleased about this..
This is a very useful app.
Updates me right away. It shows alot of Information.
Nice apps, all updated thankyou admin.
very usefull nowadays..
good app for updates...
Very helpful to let us be informed of what is happening on our planet earth.....
It's very useful. I like it..
Good app. It does..
As a "BACKYARD ASTRONOMER" I find this app useful..
good app recomend live time 60 sec up dated verry trusting there are many happing now in 2019 verry active revalations yuse this it getting worse it shows the truth of realaty that news feed are covering up also nasa astroids 2019 do reserch jesus saves.
This app keeps turning off when I go to setting so I'm deleting it.
This is needed here in Mindanao. Thank you so much! You are helping us!.
More reliable than "Project Noah".
Where is the yellow dot u said? I cant see... Just shaking now in mindanao..
Great nice its working.
Greath app. Keep a good work PD....
very useful! keep it up guys! .
Very very useful.
can you add a weather graphics like what i send to your email...tnx.
Nice app very useful.
it is a very good apps.
Because it was amazing.
A must have app!.
Up-to-date and accurate. .
Very good app.
Do what it says....
Very good thanks for the information.
Very good app.
Why so delayed?.
not showing local earthquakes in Philippines.
data not up to date.
I'm happy with this app.
A great help!.
Very good and thank you.
Thanks for being so updated.
Thank you for this.
all correct information.
Not really fast info.
It reeally helps..
Don't work will.
Gives lots of data.
i like this apps.
Tsunami Puerto Rico.
very good app.
love this app.
The best wa.
uptodate in reported monitoring.
nice please upgrade.
I love thes apps.
it is exellent.
it is the best.
Ganda niya gamitin lahat ng d2 na.
Earth.
 .
OK nice.
Great.
Helpful app.
Best app .
Grest info.
Nice.
helfull app.
Ok.
Wow.
Ok.
Good!.
.
Helpful apps.
Good information.
Great.
Excellent.
Informative.
Excellent.
Hey sir i liked it. One suggestion. Is there any way u can make the map larger. Thank you.
Now i can monitor the volcano.
erittin mukava sovellus..
Kompleto na po sya. .
Thank sa updated.
Thanks for this apps ..
thank you.
Done Omg.
Nakakatulomg talaga.
Thank you....
Very useful app!.
Ok.
Ok.
yup.
Ok.
Very Helpful.
Very useful.
awesome app...
.
Very helpful.
Useful app.
Very useful.
Nice one.
Very good.
nice app.
Nice one.
Really interesting.
Very informative.
Nice app.
Amazingly informative.
Good app.
Real time.
Love this.
Usefull.
Good.
Amazing.
Great.
Good.
Great.
Good.
excellent.
Helpful.
Reliable.
Awesome.
Good.
Accurate.
Useful.
VERY HELPFUL. ESPECIALLY WE'RE EXPERIENCING AFTERSHOCKS NOW AT MINDANAO AFTER MAGNITUDE 6.3 HAPPENED LAST OCT.16, 2019. ATLEAST WE KNOW WHERE & WHAT PLACES HAVE THE MOST & EXPERIENCING LEVEL OF AFTERSHOCKS..
Very Useful App tsaka yung developer sobrang bait at laging sumasagot sa mga tanong keep it up Godbless us all.
Very Useful App , salamat sa gumawa at sana updated lge ang App nyo at ang mga information nyo salamat!! keep it up.
may faultline malapit sa amin along rojas mtn range.
I like it. Useful lalo na sa amin na mga rescuer..
okeyy keeeyyyyoo.
Nice app!.
Great!.
.
Really realiable.
Nice app.
great app.
Impressive accuracy.
Very informative.
Very useful.
Verry satisfied.
Excellent...!!!.
.
Nice.
Love it.
excellent.
Okay.
Great app.
Great application.
Relevant info for our times.
Great app!.
Excellent.
Easy and simple to use. Probably the most complete weather app I have ever used. I have used so many apps like this in the past but non as good as this. This is a keeper, great for urban preppers. Keep up the great work!.
wow!.
Ok apps.
wow.
Very usefull.
Great App!.
Nice app.
good.
maganda talaga yung apk kahapon nagka earthquake samin nagnotify agad yung apk namay bagong earthquake tas may information pa at ngayong may earthquake ule sa samar at nagnotify agad sya really helps me alot keep it up.
working po siya at totoo yung mga notification na pumapasok na meron earth quake, kaso sa san nicolas, sarrat, paoay naka 4.4 pero di naman po pumapasok sa notification na may earth quake.
ayos itong app na ito maraming matutulungang tao to.
galing..
Very helpful!.
Great app!.
good app.
good, accurate.
.
Nice app.
amazing app.
very nice.
very helpful.
very useful.
great app.
Awesome app.
Great info.
Great app.
good apps.
understood.
usefull.
Grabi ka helpful nga app!.
faltu app.
need improvement.
Good one.
Update always.
Good app !.
Very usefull..
supreme.
Awesome.
I find this app very informative and useful. It is a very good tool especially for real estate practitioners like me. I find the Valley Fault System, Flood Hazard, and Boundaries tools in particular to be very helpful in my profession. I no longer need to browse for this information one at a time in the web because everything is laid out in just this one app. Thus, it is easier for me to answer related queries to clients. Many thanks droidgox for this app!.
This app is absolutely useless as it is using maps that are probably about 
30 years old and things have changed so much since then. I have a house in 
Tanza but according to you our barangay does not even exist yet?????????????.
WU AND USGS SHOULD be taking notes... Presently this app is best I have 
found... It's second to no other ap for information... You SHOULD check it 
out... JEEEPGUY .
great! app.
I initially misunderstood this app; it is set for the Philippines, although you can easily set your local position. I didn't take the time to read all the instructions, and was not using it properly. Now I find it to be equal to many other earthquake apps, and with the additional information, data, and tools, it outperforms all the others. Earthquake apps have a way to go yet, they seemed to, as a group, missed the 2.7 quake on the NH/MA border just two days ago. Still, what a great potential lifesaver for so many around the world. I recommend this app, and you will be surprised at how much earthquake activity goes unreported in the news; there's a long list of quakes every day. This app offers a lot more as well, weather, tools and data..
Thank you for your reply. I will continue to support this app because most 
of its functions are working very well. Overall it's a great app and idea 
to alert people of weather conditions and occurring earthquakes in real 
time..
hi my great country ph, this is super helpful to me and thats all i can say 
thanks.
Build the app with use of Cellular data only.
Excellent! Notifications are very quick to appear after events, and a 
curate. Easy to use!.
HAS EVERYTHING AND MORE! I'm impressed. One app does all..
Still learning settings but great so far.
Vey, very useful. Thank God!.
Great app with Global earthquake reporting.
Thanks.
Awesome.
Good apps.
awesome app! so much info in one app. if some info are missing its not the app but the source that has the problem. there's even some useful features in the utilities tab. little suggestion. make the location optional so that the can still be used without having to turn on location. thanks!!!.
i wish it should also include updates for blizzards,  dustorm, forest fire.
Very nice app .
Recommended apps.
your doppler radar is useless. it wont load at all. loading is way too slow. radar is too slow or doesn't even load. no explanation on what the numbers mean on the radar map. not a very good app. sorry I have to delete it. I don't know how u got a score of 4.6.....its more like 3.0.
I think i live in the Philippines, Because me, Cady Williams have to install this to see what will be the weather in the Philippines..
I think lived in Philippines if my earthquake does not responding if my location is on why???.
Still great. The cyclone update is not working. The current paolo are not displayed..
Good app!!!.
.
Had an earthquake in Luzon 8 hours ago.  No data from this app.  Got data from a USGS app within 2 hours.  As far as weather, like any app in the Philippines for weather...worthless.  Philippines needs to share doppler radar!!!  Satellite is about 50% on indicating rainfall locations.  I spent 20+ years in the weather satellite field with lots of forecaster friends.  The 21st century awaits!  Over half the Philippines has smart phones without a single app for decent emergency management.  EPIC FAIL..
This app is not updated in many areas, we had an earthquake an hour ago but its still not reflected.  There have been aftershocks too but its no reflected..
3x redownload & install,  it doesn't work in my xiaomi note pro,  keep on saying "something is wrong with the connection but how can it  be" i can open googlestore then download,  i can surf internet,  i can open FACEBOOK and use twitter too.
Great app been using it for months now, but I think this will be perfect if you can add widgets in it. But overall it's a great app, thanks to the developer of this app.
I Can Track The Earthquack in philippines or the big one in my research is 6.5 - 7.8.
Cant get past first base to add the city I'm nearest....
there was an earthquake around 2am in south cotabato area it's not even posted in here.app should be updated..
Monitoring earth weak dril...
When it starts it says Add City... but I cannot...has access to my location...so?.
Guess this is one best app we can have for now, keep it up guys..
So very useful app...
Last to let you know.
Just like the app.
Is this an offline app.
Good app. Please add ability to share in social media..
Thanks for this good info..
Just loved it...
Love this app.
Awesome app.
Helpfully.
Sends earthquake reports accurately. But  sometimes the reports come in hours later..
earthquake vibration meter.
Very helpful ...
always updated.
The best app! .
Updated.
Very  useful.
nice.
Excellent! Full of information and MORE. Hopefully links will continue to work unlike other apps that go dead over time. I would definitely suggest this app. It's a keeper. One thing I would liken to suggest. Maybe a link to "Did you feel it?" Good job!.
This, by far, is the best all-in-one app for weather and earthquake forecast in the Philippines and abroad. Very timely and accurate.   Please fix any bugs on Android 7 Nougat.
Very helpful app. Soecially to people like me who always wants to keep updated about weather and nowadays EARTHQUAKE NEWS... Kudos to the developers of this app..
Very informative and all the infos I might be needing are all here. Good application in times like this. Sana my chat area... so we could connect to users on a certain area experiencing earthquake..
Very helpful app thanks. I miss a setting point for filters the earthquakes. Higher then 3 or 3.5 or 4....
Informative and reliable, just received notifications on earthquake, great for information dissemination...two thumbs up!!! kindly work on my location, I can't search my hometown, San Jose, Batangas from your app...hoping for improvements...kudos!!!.
Hmm mas updated pa yung links ng philvolcs kesa dito #JustMyOpinion.
Thanks app very informative!.
Really nice and useful..
Love it! Best weather/quake app I've downloaded thus far. Thank you.
Useful good job !!!!!.
Thank you so much for these information. This is a very helpful app!.
The best and most reliable app! All in  One! Hoping for future upgrades....keep it up!.
Really helpful, lots of information..
Legit!  All worth it!.
Great app for filipino. Real time update. Keep up the good work.
Great app! A must have on everyone's smart phone..
This is an amazing app. This is what im looking for. Just like the HEWS..
useful po to para sa mga tao sa pilipinas.
Great App! A must have for every Android user..
Nice app!  Complete and ontime information!.
Nice  Thanks for this app.
vry helpful.
Salamat =).
Very Useful..thank you developer.
i love it....
This is more than enough.
this is a great app!.
Very nice app.
Good app.
Excellent App..
Excellent!.
Very good.
Good app.
Informative.
Informative.
Helpful.
Great.
Nice.
Great Job . i always use this apps for mitigation and prevention. also it helps me find quick information of the hazard. nice job.
It used to work great but it stopped working after the last update. It no longer loads..
Vey useful and informative. I also like the utilities feature..
Accurate info tnx.
Ok app but can be improved but good work and i use it often.
Very useful especially in Earthquakes..
This app is great and please dont stop it.
Works very good am very happy with this app.
no doubt,,,,,,,, this is so good and useful apk......
Very useful Apps.
Very helpful.
Nice one....
How come nawala na ung info sa fault finder . Nawala na ung red lines ng mga faults. Super useful pa naman sana sya. Please fix it..   Thank you for the update ! It's fixed now. More power!!.
This is a great app. Very informative..
Use this all the time!.
Very helpful. Do you have app for iOS user? Thank you!.
Good apps.
Like this app but im looking for something like the location of the LPA or weather disturbance... Please tell me what those numbers represent in the "weather outlook" in different location of the phil map?.
Bihira lang ako mag bigay ng rates and review thanks for this very useful to...ask ko lang Anong pinag kaiba ng free version sa paid version?.
Help a lot during monitoring the magnitude and intensities of the aftershocks in our area... :-).
It is very useful app to prevent natural disaster and calamity.
This is nice apps.i like it.keep it up.
Thank you for this app. God bless you..
This is what I need. And you all need..
Great app informative at always up-to-date.
pretty neat.
Nice.
It really give me the right and exact info. Thank you.
Helps a lot. Thaanks.
It has a wide range of weather forecast in many places in the country that you can't find in other similar apps. And still using it in my new phone to monitor the weather. Suggestion is that merging the Emergency hotline 911 in it makes it more useful during and after a catastrophe. You have my support, Dev!.
Gives setting for Philippines but dont display..useless app..just had email from  developer blaming everything on everyone else..FYI..my internet is CONSTANT 72-74 meg..not enough??? AND Online PAGASA works just fine..so..FIX UR OWN APP PROBS AND STOP BLAMING YOUR FAILINGS ON OTHERS...
This app is fabulous but the problem is that was mostly created for the Philippines use. I wish there was such a great app for the USA. Keep the good work..
Do signal warnings already featured in the app? if not could you please add that so we can know anytime if our place have a typhoon signal or not. thank you btw it is really nice app..
We just experience earthquake 30minutes ago, I try to look in the app, there is no update..
Nice app, its very usefull, tnx droidgox. but what's the difference between the free version and the one that for sale?.
Wow this is a great app weather i ever seen..
i love this app it is more usefull.
Very useful aps.
i made my news report about weather, earthquakes et al. this is great, i'll share this on social networking sites, keep up the good work!.
Never been safe after i downloaded this accurate AF app in my entire life.
love this app..kudos to the developer..
Wow ! Thank you . Very informative. God bless..
it's better to use JTWC because it's accurate than PAG-ASA...
Useful app.
Over ok!!!.
It's very useful.
Mauragon.
Very useful and informative...DRRMOs use it to disseminate information regarding disaster preparedness....
Just want to request if possible make the update for weather esp.rain showers a more vivid info.tnx! Thumbs up....
Says to add a city when you select My Weather. Just can't find a way to add.....I.
i like this.
I can't praise this app highly enough. I've learned more about geography from this app than from all my studies- and travels- combined, in over 60 yr. It's like a geography game! You are a genius and I thank you for directing your energy in this endeavor. Blessings on you!  (One request/suggestion: I can't figure out how to monitor tides for California. Is it me, or a future project for you?).
The ads load, but the features.... well, not so much. Nice menu, but most selections never load..
I never had an app so usefull as this one. I love it.
A comprehensive app having more info that are very useful and you can just find it in one app. Great job!.
You had everything on it.. weather and etc.... very usefull.
Awesome app!!.
Solid app.
This is awesome! Thank you!!!.
I love this app... I just hope all the feature will be free... thank you maker. Keep it up. Godbless.
Wow ., pra malaman namin lng may trahedya ba.
Useful for disasters!.
I like it.
Ayos ahhh.
Loading loading, loading.....
Awesome.
May Earthquake drill kami minsan. Developer,kung pilipino ka man.sana po maligtas ikaw..
     .
Nice!  :-).
Good job....
Awesome.
Developer is super responsive. Implemented a feature suggestion in 2 weeks!.
Thanks developer's.
I like this app. ived been using this for over a year, it has all the information that i need..
No update for Manipur earthquake.
Very useful apps. Why don't you add news on it..
An important companion..
Nice!.
For older version.
Simply love it.
I've been using this App for some time. It was just earthquakes and tsumami. The added features are awesome. Figured I'd update my review. Still an awesome App and worth buying the Pro version..
Keeps me updated with ph weather and earthquakes.
i think it would be better if we could visualize the map easier in which we could also see the places that goes through the fault.. more like a  map, that could see the streets and  other small details.. it is very useful for people who are not familiar with the places here in metro manila. please see what you can do to make this app better. thanks.
Really help me not on me , also  helps to our report about prepardeness in science..THANK YOU ..
Very useful,but I hope this will not have an expiration so that people can fuly maximize its purpose..
very good and helpful infomation.
This is not working. Wont even open. Where is the help in here? Giving a chance though, hope this be fixed..
Tnx po sa application na ito, dahil kahit na may mga ads sya ay naa update pa rin po kami sa lindol, lalo na po ngayon dito sa quezon city, dahil marami po ang mga residente dito, mas kailangan po namin ang updates para sa sinasabing THE BIG ONE , sana po mas mag improve pa ang application na ito kahit na free lang po sya, yung tutunog sya kapag may bagong updates(parang may nagtetext o tumatawag), para malaman po namin agad na may nangyaring lindol! Tnx po ulet! :) accurate sya! Dun sa news kanina :).
Before I purchase the paid app I'd like to know if this will prompt me when the earthquake will happen and if it will alert me even if I'm off-line..
Doesnt work keeps saying contact developer.
Can't Open Always saying Downlaoding Data.
and a lot will buy it as there is no good app of its kind in the Android world..
Doesn't ever completely load data, just times out with an error message..
This app is helpful and can save more lives..
Many thanks, great little app.
Great app. Best on the Market for the Philippines.
Loved it.
I love this. Fast and accurate information. Thank you! UPD NCPAG Student.
good there's an information about earthquake.
Useful.
Bumped into it. It doesn't really quake frequently where I live, but really useful to travelers who are not aware of the earthquake alarm systems.
Though I appreciate the hardwork around making this app... I am not satisfied since the earthquake measures are not seen for my country....
A very interesting app. I've seen so many earthquakes listed all over the world that you just wouldn't know about..
Nice idea. I hope we could use this in calamities.
I am a bit of a worrier. So this kind of app helps me sleep at night ;) nice service!.
What a great app for those affected by earthquakes and tremors in this region. It would be great if all parts of the world affected by earthquakes had such a great resource..
Great interface. Small sizes and downloads. Who knows, maybe someday we'll get worldwide coverage,  but it is still a very interesting app..
Simple design, could improve readability a bit. But worth looking at if your interested in the subject or live in an at risk area..
Very convienent for those living in Philippines, or traveling there. Shows the the latest info about earthquakes with all details in a simple and neat way..
I so appreciate  it  and  the  other  side  effects.
The app itself is a good idea but the user interface is a little clunky..
Because you never know what can happen ^^.
Needs an app redesign.. Maybe a map showing recent occurrences..
This is very useful app. Gives you important information on natural calamities..
Good man.
If you are worry about earthquake this is your app.
This is probably one of the useful apps that you can download. Imagine that your life can be safed because you know eathquake will coming with this apps.
Now i can get alert of the my area and be prepared for it..
Seems really good, but I don't live in an earthquake-zone hehe so totally useless for me.
Hope no earthquakes near but you never know so good to have this one.
The target audience is a very niche audience, but he information is presented very well. Great design and delivery of a unique product..
We have a filial in PH and this helps us to prevent any staff problems we may face.
Great work A must have app for all users in this region. Tsunami early warning is a life saver. Thank you !.
Nice app with simple layout and good graphics, very easy to use and  earthquake info seems up to date.
the fact that the apps require small size is a plus considering the function that it can provide real time data.
Luckily I'm not in an area affected by earth quakes. But, if I was I'd definitely recommend this app.
Great app for people living in this part if the world or for those who are curious about seismic activity..
Very nice app if you are into monitoring seismic activity worldwide..
There are no earth quakes in my country but this app is really useful for some people. There is no doubt in that..
I dont know whether it works properly or not but the concept is awesome.
This app provides useful data concerning seismic activity.
Would be nice to filter out insignifficant events..
Original idea and really useful app to stay update about natural disaster..
I think useful for people which living in dangerous area..
Nice clean layout, easily understandable and a good data source. Highly reccommend!.
If i ever need earthquake updates in the phillipines, this is the app I will use!.
A must have app for all users in this region. Tsunami early warning is a life saver..
The app will be very help full, it can even become a life saver at times.
Really good app for monitoring earthquakes. Provides detailed explanation about the event..
Very useful for danger prevent thanks..
Good and quality application. I haven't found any issues..
Terrific presentation of comprehensive earthquake and tremor data complete with maps.  Smooth and intuitive..
Very helpful and precise. Gives good information about the weather for a couple of days head.
How come it doesn't update recently? Shows that data can't be retrieved..
Nice but not useful for me as I don't reside in disaster prone areas!.
This is really useful! The latest earthquake info around the world..
Remarkable to see how many earthquakes there are in California every day!.
it OK to install on my android device.
Good app idea and useful safety app for those in the area.  Good, clean layout and design.
Would be testing it if it really works..
Easy interface and easy to read, just needs a search function..
Great reference for earthquakes.
Emergency info at your finger tips.
Great app for earthquake prone areas. Clean user interface.
Great tool. More features and information that I can use..
Needs notification alerts and a map view.
Only earthquake related app with phivolcs data for android devices.
Useful app with a slick, clean UI that responds quickly..
Woah !! That's a lot of info there !!.
Excelent interface on tablet. Looks awesome and works perfectly.
Keep you Alert from earthquake.
Useful for people who actually need data relevant to the earthquake updates..
Good utility app to keep yourself updated about earthquakes..
Its need more data so add more data source if possible.
It's really cool to have this info so accessible.
Does exactly what it says, with a lit of detail..
Information presented nicely, very clean interface..
Simple app with a nice layout for earthquake and tsunami data.
Has good data on earthquakes!.
The design and layouts were well done!.
Would be useful for other countries also, good job.
Nice app it hv hood info for earthquack and tsunami and updates regulrly.
Useful for people living in risk area.
Everything I need. just need to improve the design.
Good info to have. Pretty decent UI too :).
Really nic try ... gud one.
The app get all info nearly really..
Very helpful to know about seismic activities in your area.
To have all that info in your mobile device.
Nice and clean for its purpose.
Looks clean simple....
Good idea, useful safety app for those area..
Very useful app. I recommend..
App that shows earthquakes worldwide..
Good app for those interested in earthquakes.
Good concept and very useful app for me..
No earthquakes here, but now we are prepared.
Very nice app and very good design..
Useful app. I learn so much..
Really helpful app. Kudos to developer.
very useful app , 5 stars  4u.
Earth quake alerts.
A good utility app for earthquake prone regions.
This is useful for information details safety to people.
Always wanted this really nice app thank u.
Works well and does what I needed from it..
Works decently. Tested it on a table and it does it's job.
Please add more worldwide locations..
Interesting and useful app to know about earthquakes..
this app very useful... recomend for Indonesian peoples.
But I can't check function.
Very useful app, recommend it.
Good and useful app, well done.
this is really awesome app man, keep it up.
Great work, I like this app..
Well done,  cool idea.
But good source of information.
Displaying almost real time data of earthquakrs.
It works very well..
Good idea and app is just amaizing.
This is a very u usefull app.
Really like very much and very unique....
It can save yours loves life.
Great app for those living in earthquake regions.
Simple, clean interface. Easy to use..
Delivers the service it says!.
Very handy to have!.
Thanks for the work put in here!.
Good app, shows correct data in the app. Useful..
Nice informative app. Nice presentation of data..
Useful app. Usability can be increased bit..
Nice idea.A great utility app.
Thanks! Now we are safe!.
Better get this app just to be safe..
Very useful app. Loved it.
Very useful app, must have.
Nice apps. Great to information.
Great game, like it very much.
Thank you..
Look app. Let relax.
Good app, nice work.
Bad. Good. Bad. Good?.
Very useful app..
Very useful earthquake informer.
Well done and looks nice.
very useful app.
Very useful idea.
Very interesting idea.
Useful app and amazing data.
Nice concept for earthquake alert.
The data on this app is good and useful.
Useful app..
Interesting  app with good information ..
Really a helpful service... good work.
Pratique j'imagine.
Interesting idea for an app..
Very good app. Nice app. Helpful..
That's a good idea.
Very useful app :) 5+.
good idea ... usefull.
Very Useful.
Good work ,,, sample and catchy.
gr8 work.
Like it.
I like.
I like the easy way.
Could save a life!.
Very usefull app.
An imformative app.
Love to using.
Cool app very useful.
Useful app.
Really helpful...
Great. I love it. Thanks!!!.
Useful app!!.
Very Good.
Does what it advertises!.
like earthq.
Can improve UI...
Usefull and clean app :).
Recommend.
Very useful.
Nice app.
useful app.
Great resource.
Liked it.
Cool app.
Locator.
Informative and knowledge app.
Ayos.......
Great idea.
Greatt.
Ok.
Sup.
Nice!.
Great!.
Good for earthquakes.
Good.
koooooooooooool.
Good game.
Useful app.
well.
Look interesting.
Nice app.
Great app.
It is useful.
Awesome app.
excellent app.
Good app.
Good information.
Very useful.
Nice app.
nice.
nice.
Nice.
Good.
usefull.
Good.
I dont know yet how it works.
Its ok. Hindi ko pa na try magamit ito kaya. 3 stars muna..
Its ok.
Very nice application..
Quite useful ;).
perfect.
My previous review got deleted accidentally and there's no way to bring it back(Play Store Developers must consider this issue) but in this review I would like to say I will give it 5 Stars if I could see all the earthquakes around me or around the world with the filter of time and filter of Richter..
i see it has a world section, yet i failed to find my country. we had an earthquake of 5 Richter last week. still a bit confused, but app is worth it..
Hi .. Armon told me this app this is really useful for other people like me .. I really love it thanks for this app i hope this will get so many views i recommended it for everybody ..
Loved that it is updated real time. Its very easy to understand and there is a map. The volcano and tsunami updates are also a big plus. Would definitely keep in my phone. Nice job! :).
It says downloading data then after a feq seconds it says an error occured. Please fix..
There are no earthquake where I live but the app is well made for thoses who need this info..
Nice app because for me it's ok for the ads cause they updating the earthquake for get people alert for the earthquake not only earthquake, tsunami too and more.
.
Error unable to use it.  :(.
the updates are too slow..people needs fast update from this app so they can be more cautious and aware for what was happening...
Good to see you have a few months of the new one more about this email address so that is the way..
THANK YOU VERY MUCH. WE BADLY NEEDED THIS APP. PLEASE KEEP IT RELIABLE 
ALWAYS. GODBLESS!.
Good . I Really Want An Update . The Update Will Be An Alert Is A Time Like Equake.
The best all in one app in regards with Eq awareness. I hope it would also be available with iOs..
News have said there's a cyclone but this app shows nothing..
App is good for high frequency eartquake zones.
There is no available cyclone update sucks app and something wrong always said...bugs app.
It could help save lives.
It's an okay weather app..
great apps that can make us know about the news and update about geographical earthquake.
great UI and quick response, must have it on easy earthquake areas..
What the difference here and the pro?.
Monitor.
Now I am loading . After loading I  shall rate this app..
very nice idea. I love the way it works.
Most convenient geohazards app for geol students & professionals. Kudos!.
I love it and it gives more information.
Good app for those like me Living in areas subject to events.
Useful app for people in danger.
This app changed my life.
This is cool haven't seen anything like this before!.
Lot of info !!.
Very useful app, keep up the good work.
Great if you're into following earthquakes.
nice gui should expand to world data.
This app is very good for people who are students.
I like to install this games on my android device.
We can notice.
Keep update always.
grwat app okokik.
I want to see.
Clean layout and ui. Well made useful app..
Its so not helpful!!!!!!!!!!! .
i like to install this app on my android device.
Love this application , thanks for making this application...this helps a lot .
Nice idea and very useful app!.
Love the weather app it's really shows you weather and more.....
Thumbs up for u who install this app..!.
Great app, love it. Nice one.
Wow i really enjoy this app i was looking for this..
very informarive..and helpful too..kudos to the creator..snapoy salute....
Great.
What a great app, very useful.
Nice app, I like it.
Useful information..
it is very useful app.
Very useful app. :D.
Hope this helps when the time comes.
Gives awesome results.
This may come in handy.
5 stars.
Very creative and innovative way.
Its ok.
Gud aaps.
loading pls.
More ok.
Very nice app 5 star.
Useful app with a neat design..
not of nepal.
#philippines.
Very useful. Nice app.
Essential for risk free lovers.
When you are in the region.
very useful application.
Really good.
Really useful app.
Very useful.
Great app.
Extremely useful..
love it.great work guys.
Cool..
Good app use to safety....
Very useful app,nice :-).
Great idea..
It's very good.
Nice app  ,,, I like it.
Nice app.
Love this app.
Nice idea.
Nice idea.
Very easy to use.
Very good app.
Work very well.
Nice app.
Perfect tool.
Great information source.
I loved it.
Very nice app.
Okay very very good.
Qaik feel.
Great app..!.
Ok.
Very informative..
.
Coolllll.
ok.
Ok.
Ilove it.
Tnx.
ok.
Yay.
wow.
Very good app......
Comprehensive!.
Nice app.
Nice app.
ok nice.
Cool.
Good app.
Good app.
Wonderful app.
Great app.
Useful and informative.
very helpful.
Nice app.
Useful.
nice app.
Well.
Good.
Best app.
good Duck.
Great app.
Thanks nice.
Good job.
Nice apps.
Great app.
Nice.
Cool.
Excellent.
excellent.
good.
Greatest.
Nice.
Nice.
Nice.
Cool.
good.
awesomeness.
Good.
Awesome.
Good.
Good.
Useful.
Love it.
Cool.
Useful.
Good.
Useful.
Impressive.
Good.
Nice.
Amazing.
Perfect.
Useful.
Good.
Useful.
Helpful.
nice.
Awesome.
Superb.
Good
App not working properly on a Fire 7 (2019). Real-time alerts don't work. App loads content fine but no real-time warnings. I have it setup the same way on my cellphone and a Fire HD 10 tablet (2019), all permissions are granted. On my other devices, it works perfectly. I'm from Puerto Rico and its been alerting me 6-7 seconds before an earthquake is felt..
I gave bad rating but i am again reviewing this app as it has made tremendous improvement and i can now see each events of quake in my region. Thankyou.
Miss the tsunami notifications. Where did it go?.
I live in the Philippines. Today there was a 5.4 earthquake at 200 km depth and 179 km away. Battery optimization was disabled, notifications enabled, PHIVOLCS enabled. But no alert..
It is good app, but it is better if there will be an #EMP for better precursor or disaster predictions.
Worked like as it should, received WARNING various seconds prior to quake.
Best earthquake app that I've used.
This is probably the best earthquake app that I've ever seen. It is totally worth it..
This is simply the best earthquake app I have ever seen. The fact that you are notified of an earthquake before the movement reaches your location is absolutely amazing. My country, (Puerto Rico) as I write this review is undergoing a very active sequence of earthquakes. By installing this application we have gained the benefit of not being taken by surprise anymore by these quakes because the app alerts us some 5 to 8 seconds before the primary wave reaches us. Very useful. KUDOS Francesco!!.
This is TRULY AMAZING! This APP is in REAL TIME & the ALERTS are from REAL PEOPLE that are NETWORKING TOGETHER keeping each other notified as soon as an EARTHQUAKE happens! It also has many extra features that help to navigate in the event of an REALTIME EMERGENCY & allows you to add Families's phone numbers & emails to notify them as soon as an EARTHQUAKE HITS! This APP is by far a GREAT ADDED SECURITY to Anyone that is wanting to FEEL SAFER & have the EXTRA PEACE OF MIND in EARTHQUAKE AREAS!!.
This is my favorite earthquake app. Very easy to filter earthquakes you want to see. Also, choosing to set notifications for desired magnitude of earthquakes is straightforward. Also, it doesn't solely rely on USGS like some other apps do..
Excellent app abd I am using the pro version. The bes I like is the way that instantaneusly lets you know one is been detected while you are feeling it sometimes even before that. Excellent work for the way the GUI was done. I like it very much..
Excellent, up to the minute notifications of earthquakes. By far the best seismic notification app there is! Much faster than USGS websites for updating current information! Just wish there was a Windows 10 version to use on my main system..
Excellent app. It notifies me 10 segs before the earthquake is about to happen in real time and it give me 10 secs to protect myself.
1.2 GB on user data! Have to clear data and cache and reconfigure the app, it was eating my storage..
Filter didnt work. I want only within specified range but it alert the whole globe..
Very very sloaw. It takes at least one hour before delivering earthquake report. Twitter delivers faster earthquake updates than this pricey app..
not truly impressed, so technical looking (imo) vs user friendliness. but I will maintain for a bit just to see if my mind changes. ty.
Dependable EQ app.
The most useful app I ever seen!.
The only thing that would make this extremely awesome is that if it could tell u how much is the earthquake.
Very up to the second alerts, dependable, don't take my word, try it. It or you may save lives around this world ..
In Puerto Rico is excellent. .
I like to know what is hapen in the world.
Muy buena aplicacin, la uso a diario..
Well I noticed that the TSUNAMI ALERT TAB appears to be missing. That let's me down because I know it is important. I use it all the time. It has many different features. Has voice alert for Seismic Station Data plus maps and even waves. Sometimes it will not be real time. It helps to get the settings correct. Had User reports felt events buttons. Has real time voice for User reports and more . EDIT :It's 2020 and use this app everyday. Still the best..
I have used this app for some time now and the detection is not very usefull (noyification is fine). It detects even a pencil drop on the same table as the phone but it did not detect some small, short earthquakes (level 3-4 on the Richter scale, 100 km away, felt for a few seconds in my location)..
No informa de eventos de sismos.
Meglio da quanto pensavo !.
Mutch better.
After updated the latest version I dont get any seismic update.
Gran app avisa los sismos tienen que configurarla con sonidos de alarma 
para que la oigan busquen los tutoriales en internet. Es muy buena.
Gebruik makend van de mogelijkheden van de moderne smartphone krijg je een 
enorme hoeveelheid data.
I like it thus far & it has kept me up to date with the alerts..
I love what it's supposed to do only sort by time or date don't seem to ever work quite right. And on my LG G6 (this only happens when Earthquakenetwork Pro is installed, I tried uninstalling and it goes away) there's an intermittent/random loud fast busy signal alarm tone that sounds over the speaker for no apparent reason the sound is not one I have set for anything. I don't even know it's name if there is such an alarm sound to be used. I've tried them all and never came across it. Anyway, it happens at all hours, day or night and sometimes when the phone is left alone, not disturbed in any way. However, it appears to be related to the proximity sensor as when the phone is on my night table by my bed and I reach over to get something else it will often make the sound right then as my hand passes over it but it is not disturbed. What's extra strange is it will also happen at times the table is bumped and that would not be related to the proximity sensor. Neither one happens every time but there is a definite correlation between a hand passing over the phone and the alarm and the table being bumped (but in no way involving the prox. sensor) and the alarm. It's very annoying..
La mejor app que hay para avisar sobre temblores. Te avisa con anticipacin eso s depende de la red de smartphones pero es lo mejor que hay..
Excellent.  Got this after Sept 19 earthquake in Mexico. Works extremely well. Upgraded to Pro version.  Highly recommend. Does what it says.
very good somewhat stressing app.
Quien es lucho 131 Me bloqueo en el chat..
Great application!.
This program is great. I use it daily to help me make seismic event maps along with data from the USGS.  Thanks.
So far seems to work good. Still learning how it works.
Great!!!.
Great app, love the graphics. Suddenly its not quite as fast though, idk why. I, for a while, was the 1st to get a notification about an earthquake. Im sure itll will get back to normal though ;).
Good development.
Try it and see just how good it really is!.
Informatica.
Sound alert sometimes when any notification, it is very extrange. It an annoying bug. The look and feel is not good..
Not good.
Muy buena.
My primary app for earthquake notifications. You can check this and see a magnitude before it comes up on the news..
Excellent.
Still not updated.
Nu vad nici un motiv ca fiecare posesor de dispozitiv android sa nu foloseasc aplicaia asta. Foarte utila mai ales ca Vrancea este din ce n ce mai activa. Atenie la raza de alerta ca pe mine m-a trezit de cteva ori pana am setat-o corect..
Nitido.
Really good improvement in last upgrades. Device network is working good now..
Awesome :).
My constructive criticism is as follows: -All Web Master Info should be able to be translated into all the options this app offers. -Any contests should have the  rules where there easy to find and understand  in all the language offer for this app. -The User name should have atleast twenty spaces to put avatar user names or the person name. -when there are false alarms or abuse notifications they should be abruptly. I am rescuer by prior profession and this should not be taken lightly. Sansung Galaxy Note3.
Grand considering what it does. Much room for improvement. It's vastly different than other programs. It's good on interaction on a world wide basis..
Great app with some unique features. Dev. is quick to respond by email.  Keep up the great work..
Pro version constantly crashes. Can't pull up maps or information, if I click on an alert icon in the notification bar, it crashes the app. The non pro version works seamlessly. Please fix the problem  with the pro version ..
There is absolutely no reason why any Android user out there shouldn't download this . It doesn't use any battery because it only turns on when its on the charger. Thank you for creating this app!.
Don't waste your money.
I think the earthquakes arent real time enough and accurate enough. I felt an earthquake in Kanuma, Tochigi Japan. But on the map it lists it in the ocean. So, I may consider to downgrade.
Won't even open. I requested my money back, but haven't heard from the developer..
Good
It helps us locating where was the exact earthquake locations and the magnitude. But still confuse checking the weather forecast. Keep up the good work.. Thank you.
This app has lots of potential. It's has more features than Dark Sky. I'd like to see a widget for this. Keep up the good work. Idol!.
It is simple and gives alot of earthquake strikes w/ ease, no struggle, thanks 4 the effort..
Weather tracker is useless. No information..
Great app. I can now monitor if there are earthquakes.
Easy to use and always updated.
This app is very helpful for all us ....... Thanks for that apps.
Good reliable and fast updates.
I wonder what type of darts and dart board they use to predict the weather! Maybe made in China or by Donald Trump!.
Great app. I like using when i want an update in calamities and hazards and it is helpful for us civilians. Im gonna recommend this with my friends and fams. May I suggest that you may add feature of a widget so i may not struggle opening it, especifically the utilities when comes of disaster happens..
Awesome app. Very informative..
Not the most attractive app, but it's functional. It's accuracy depends entirely upon the information provided by the related government agencies..
The App provides the daily updates from PhilVolcs and is useful for a few weather updates but since the satelite pictures are from last year...forecast verification is limited.
So good. Update makes it more better..
Accurate weather and earthquake advisse also taal eruption thank you for the apps.
Very informative and detailed.
Fix some problem in wind weather to the typhoon its saying no internet connection but I have internet access.
It is the most convenient app for earthquakes so far.
sana ma improve pa, pati ads sana wala na rin.
Great app wee need this especially I am from padada davao delsur earthquake victim.
Updated to pro. I like this one view Earthquakes, weather and other alerts. Keep up the good work.
helpful but real time information is delayed. I have observed that it takes around 10-15 minutes for the app to reflect an actual earthquake. this span of time is critical especially if an earthquake triggers a tsunami. In Japan, it only took around 15 minutes for the 1st waves to reach land..
Having friends and family in the Philippines, California, Israel, Guatemala, Japan, Kuala Lumpur and various other countries, its extremely important to me to be well informed. The problem I have with this app ... When I try to open SETTINGS, it shuts down!!! Please fix this bug! It's very irritating. Otherwise, thank you for this service..
I hope you can use this app without internet connection because we don't know if there's something happens and all connections were down, you can still use this. And i think it's a little bit nice if it has features about what to do when earthquake happens, some tips for safety and protection because i think that's the main goal of this app is to let know people about whats happening, right? It's a good app tho. Will still recommend to my friends..
I got this app for a recent trip to the Philippines thinking it was only good for the trip. However it's fully loaded to the point where it's still my main weather app for Japan too. It tells me the low tides, typhoon radar, local weather, earthquakes, pretty much anything you might want to know, in your local area. Awesome app!.
This app is really good and helpful, one thing I want to check is the naming of places. I live in Tala-o, Sulop, Davao del Sur. This place is next to Talas, Sulop , north west of sulop and it is a long almost straight road up to Solongvale, , but in your app, balasinon elementary school can be found near my place, where in reality ,balasinon is near the sea and Malalag. I hope it will be checked..
Great eq app. Very useful.
I'll give four stars for now because there are still some bugs in the app like when you add one city, it'll show two instead of one. However, its a great app and has a lot of potentials. It just need some improvements because some functions are still not working..
Suddenly the i cant add my city on my weather.
It's potentially a great app, but I can't use it as it needs 'Location Services' to be activated in order to get my location. I won't activate that. Instead I would rather just identify my location manually by selecting a location to be used for the purpose from a map..
Good app except for local earthquake reports. All they show are provincial results but nothing for NCR or any part of Metro Manila. Other reports are ok except for local earrhquakes. This should be fixed because NCR and Metro Manila is part of the Philippines too..
Accurate and timely.
a must and up to date weather and earthquake information.
From time to time i'm always updating the location of the nearest earthquake to my province specificaly batangas area where taal volcano is more or less 20km from my town.
App is good. Can you include the earthquake location in the alert/notification? so that we know the location right away..
Outstanding app for Philippines. Filled with valuable data. Make sure you look for drop down menus on top of some pages, some pages look blank until you choose the information you are looking for..
very accurate app. easy to trace what weather feedbacks you are looking for. keep up the good work to satisfy the public for weather updates etc..
This App on weather and earthquake alert is very helpful for me to know what's happening worldwide. I have to be always prepared for its effect. It's a learning experience for me that earthquake is occurring now and then..
Slow to detect earthquakes it took 30 minutes for it to know where the earthquake is. If you rely on this app to tell where a tsunami causing earthquake is you would be dead if you live near sea. Edit: Thank you sir for the information. But, for sure I will purchase your app just because your accomodating and kind. I hope you add USGS or any site that will help improve this app. God bless Changed  star to  star.
This app is very useful and helpful. I always recommend this to my friends and families to monitor quakes. Hope it shows the default lines on the map. But overall this is a very good app.
Hi! I would like to know why the Satellite (the Satellite Buttons/list) doesn't appear in the list like the last thing before you update this app. Can I know why?.
Everything works ok, except the earthquake magnitude filter. I set it at 2.5, and still get anything less than that. ( but I must add that yours is the best ap.).
I can't add my current city. When I searched it in the search bar it says No results. Can someone please help me with this issue. Thanks and more power..
Great App! Has a complete source of information on many different weather and disaster events..
Again, this is very nice. Hope you can also add a tab where it shows all the fault lines across the map. That will be very very helpful..
Very comprehensive and useful. Thank you for updating!.
Thanks. Got it. One more thing. Set the default page to earthquake (local) but it does not work..
So far 5 star, almost immediate response from the developer, 100% better than other apps I paid for, keep up the good work.
This is more than just a weather app. It has info on almost all hazards. Very very nice!.
Very helpful and informative.
The only CREDIBLE app (of same function) you'll find in google play.... go for PRO .... for just US87cents, sort of showing appreciation for the developer , ( no ads ) .....
Great app. Improvements can be done UI-wise but still user-friendly nevertheless. Thanks!.
Great app. I'm using this to track weather and help me on my class on meteorology..
This app has useful features like weather and earthquake alerts, rain watcher, tide forcast, it even has moon phases. It's quite packed for a FREE app..
The updates was always about Cotabato and nearby places. It is helpful, but I also want direct updates from my location..
Very informative and helpful! Thank you for creating a free version..
This is a very good app to keep me informed on tge latest EQ events. Thanks, Keep it up..
The updated results always loading. You cant read the whole story without loading the entire article again and again. Truly a Pinoy made app..
Great app!! Easy to use and very informative! Tried others but this one tops them all!!.
Pretty good. Definitely wish the Google map would pop-in when you tap the small map in the earthquake information thing.
Local earthquake list is not updated, it is showing latest update was nov 5, 2018..
The "filter magnitude" doesn't work, notification doesn't work either..
please fix the weather radar..to show current weather conditions rain and wind etc..will change my rating if fix.
good but please do something it always backing/ focus to my location when touching other location in map.
no longer working for 2days -EARTHQUAKE LOCAL after the quake in Samar. Downloaded other app to keep me updated on what's latest news in the Phil.
Has potential, but keeps closing after I set earthquake magnitude for alert. Uninstalled..
Very accurate and reliable. I will definitely recommend this app to my family and friends..
Its very informative and useful.
This is not just the best, rather incomparable. Great work..
don't want to do anything with any kind of accuracy the weather seems slow The earthquake warning seem to be accurate but way behind the potentials there but says the irritation.
there seems to be a hiccup on the system i cant open the other pages pl do something.
At first its okay, but then suddenly the date where i was always scrolling these app for any update of latest earthquake happening in cotabato or in any nearby places..
Great! you brought back the option on which opens first at start-up! Thanks.
Very useful app. It keeps you aware of what is happening to our place in real time..
Quickest way to get earthquake updates. Accurate and timely..
it took so long to give earthquake updates.
I don't understand why Davao city earthquake is not detected in this App. are you only selecting some places???.
great and helpful apps daily updated news info before or during catastrophe KODUS TO THE ADMIN AND STAFFS :).
I was amazed. Its accurate..when news on TV mentioned the magnitude of earthquake happened earlier today in Davao..nice one.
Earthquake data Not updated. Last update on the app was 2018.
very helpful but the wind item is down.
Earthquake location not worked since update! Rarely any radar.
This is so cool, the maps and timelines spot on ..
Very comprehensive app! Highly recommended..
PHILVOLCS data source is pretty much useless. Nothing was showing up until I switched to NOAH data source..
big thanks for this! watta great apps! more power to developers! salute!.
Idk if its accurate but i like the wind video if its accurate its really great and cool.
I can track nearby earthquake and the time its been posted takes only few minutes. I am satisfied. Good job..
Very good apps because it gives me about typoon tracks and others.
The app crashed. I cant find the map anymore..
Had to uninstall since it always tells me no data available and to try later..
Keep improving! This is a very helpful app!.
Thank you for this app. Very useful in times of calamities.
the latest update fixed everything. thank you man. i really love this app..
A very useful app. Keep up the good work. More power!.
Very reliable so far... Thank you!.
Can't say anything more at the moment that I've just started using it but, one thing I should ask is please uodate or add an hour selection to international standard as in 00:00 to 24:00 basis NOT that AM & PM you use! I will give you 48hours then, would say goodbye if not rectified. Thanks..
Comprehensive but has a few bugs.
A big thanks to the devs for the exerted effort on bringing this app to its full potential..
Great app and user friendly..
This apps gives you information where earthquakes and i can check it qhenever im online , i hope there will be an offline apps so that we can check it anytine when we are offline..
great app! by the way, what's the difference between this one and the pro app? thanks..
great app! very accurate! i like it!.
I like its utility it'll be helpful in case of emergency.
It's good And i hope that it notify faster right after the quake.
kudos! hope the developers would improve this app! very helpful!.
So far so good. Updated to all earthquake activities and weather reports..
So informative and not misleading. I recommend it with my friends. Thank you. God bless you..
I'm a nocturnal spear fisherman and this app helps me a lot. Thanks for making this app..
Earthquake update in LOCAL not working useless app.
Philippine earthquakes are not shown lately. Nov 5 2018 data is the most recent but world data is updated..
a very helpful app worth to installed in your device..
Useful great app..
A Very helpful weather app....
Thats cool! Now, its working now. Thanks for that tip..
Up to date advisory on earthquakes. Appreciate the hazard/flood areas.
It's nice it gives me data about the current earthquakes in the philippines..
This app is good and reliable and that's why I like it..
useful especially now that there are frequent earthquakes.
Always updated within a few minutes.
this app is very useful in terms of emergency.
Love the update information, fast!.
I will test this app while we are living in earthquake red zone.
Very informative, a must for everyone..
very helpfull and accurate data..
Accurate. And it gives information..
im expecting more, something like detection but i suppose i just have to deal with what this app can offer..
Easy Use & Good Information.
good app., very usefull.,.
it is very informative. excellent app..
Why is Las Pias City, Philippines has no result when I search in My Weather?.
This new is helpful most especialy to inform our relative and friend to be alert. Thank you..
Informative and Useful.
It helps a lot..
very easy to use. Good job. .
very helpful very practical.
This app very helpful to every one.
It takes a while to report..
One of the most useful apps on my phone with information that is good to know. You won't regret downloading it. #FeelingNerdy.
Extremely helpful app..
keep on improving!!! awesome!!!.
nice apps for monitoring earthquake.
No earthquake information .
Very useful apps..
Accurate and informative.
Very useful app! .
I like this app's very useful..
Very useful application!.
Nice app. Reliable..
Great while I live in Philippines where quakes hit every day.
the best apps for preparedness measure for DRRM.
Informative apps excellent........
Up to date! Thank you for the timely and important information. Keep it up..
Very usefull app!!!!.
Very functional for my use..
it gives me immediate information once the earthquakes struck.
Very useful app..
Great app. Love it..
good app.. very useful.
Most functions doesnt work.
Very helpful to used.
Its not showing on my list of app... why?.
Please provide miles and local time.
its good very user friendly.
app just keeps getting better.!.!.! now I'm able to "see"... and know, not worrying about my friends... now you know... needs to show ALL faults ( Negros )... Job well done people.!.!.! 22 Oct 19... I'm learning to manuver around in the new updated version... And again this app just gets better, almost faster than I can keep up.!.!.! Truth be known... PHIVOLCS NEEDS TO FOLD IN THIS APP INTO THEIRS.!.!.! JUST COMPARING KEROSENE LANTERNS TO LED LIGHTING... ... LOOK... JUST DO YOURSELF A FAVOR...
very helpful to ecologist and biologist....
its great it help us monitored the movements.
Good information. Very pleased about this..
This is a very useful app.
Updates me right away. It shows alot of Information.
Nice apps, all updated thankyou admin.
very usefull nowadays..
good app for updates...
Very helpful to let us be informed of what is happening on our planet earth.....
It's very useful. I like it..
Good app. It does..
As a "BACKYARD ASTRONOMER" I find this app useful..
good app recomend live time 60 sec up dated verry trusting there are many happing now in 2019 verry active revalations yuse this it getting worse it shows the truth of realaty that news feed are covering up also nasa astroids 2019 do reserch jesus saves.
This app keeps turning off when I go to setting so I'm deleting it.
This is needed here in Mindanao. Thank you so much! You are helping us!.
More reliable than "Project Noah".
Where is the yellow dot u said? I cant see... Just shaking now in mindanao..
Great nice its working.
Greath app. Keep a good work PD....
very useful! keep it up guys! .
Very very useful.
can you add a weather graphics like what i send to your email...tnx.
Nice app very useful.
it is a very good apps.
Because it was amazing.
A must have app!.
Up-to-date and accurate. .
Very good app.
Do what it says....
Very good thanks for the information.
Very good app.
Why so delayed?.
not showing local earthquakes in Philippines.
data not up to date.
I'm happy with this app.
A great help!.
Very good and thank you.
Thanks for being so updated.
Thank you for this.
all correct information.
Not really fast info.
It reeally helps..
Don't work will.
Gives lots of data.
i like this apps.
Tsunami Puerto Rico.
very good app.
love this app.
The best wa.
uptodate in reported monitoring.
Hey sir i liked it. One suggestion. Is there any way u can make the map larger. Thank you.
VERY HELPFUL. ESPECIALLY WE'RE EXPERIENCING AFTERSHOCKS NOW AT MINDANAO AFTER MAGNITUDE 6.3 HAPPENED LAST OCT.16, 2019. ATLEAST WE KNOW WHERE & WHAT PLACES HAVE THE MOST & EXPERIENCING LEVEL OF AFTERSHOCKS..
I find this app very informative and useful. It is a very good tool especially for real estate practitioners like me. I find the Valley Fault System, Flood Hazard, and Boundaries tools in particular to be very helpful in my profession. I no longer need to browse for this information one at a time in the web because everything is laid out in just this one app. Thus, it is easier for me to answer related queries to clients. Many thanks droidgox for this app!.
This app is absolutely useless as it is using maps that are probably about 
30 years old and things have changed so much since then. I have a house in 
Tanza but according to you our barangay does not even exist yet?????????????.
WU AND USGS SHOULD be taking notes... Presently this app is best I have 
found... It's second to no other ap for information... You SHOULD check it 
out... JEEEPGUY .
great! app.
I initially misunderstood this app; it is set for the Philippines, although you can easily set your local position. I didn't take the time to read all the instructions, and was not using it properly. Now I find it to be equal to many other earthquake apps, and with the additional information, data, and tools, it outperforms all the others. Earthquake apps have a way to go yet, they seemed to, as a group, missed the 2.7 quake on the NH/MA border just two days ago. Still, what a great potential lifesaver for so many around the world. I recommend this app, and you will be surprised at how much earthquake activity goes unreported in the news; there's a long list of quakes every day. This app offers a lot more as well, weather, tools and data..
Thank you for your reply. I will continue to support this app because most 
of its functions are working very well. Overall it's a great app and idea 
to alert people of weather conditions and occurring earthquakes in real 
time..
hi my great country ph, this is super helpful to me and thats all i can say 
thanks.
Build the app with use of Cellular data only.
Excellent! Notifications are very quick to appear after events, and a 
curate. Easy to use!.
HAS EVERYTHING AND MORE! I'm impressed. One app does all..
Still learning settings but great so far.
Vey, very useful. Thank God!.
Great app with Global earthquake reporting.
Thanks.
Awesome.
Good apps.
awesome app! so much info in one app. if some info are missing its not the app but the source that has the problem. there's even some useful features in the utilities tab. little suggestion. make the location optional so that the can still be used without having to turn on location. thanks!!!.
i wish it should also include updates for blizzards,  dustorm, forest fire.
Very nice app .
Recommended apps.
your doppler radar is useless. it wont load at all. loading is way too slow. radar is too slow or doesn't even load. no explanation on what the numbers mean on the radar map. not a very good app. sorry I have to delete it. I don't know how u got a score of 4.6.....its more like 3.0.
I think i live in the Philippines, Because me, Cady Williams have to install this to see what will be the weather in the Philippines..
I think lived in Philippines if my earthquake does not responding if my location is on why???.
Still great. The cyclone update is not working. The current paolo are not displayed..
Good app!!!.
.
Had an earthquake in Luzon 8 hours ago.  No data from this app.  Got data from a USGS app within 2 hours.  As far as weather, like any app in the Philippines for weather...worthless.  Philippines needs to share doppler radar!!!  Satellite is about 50% on indicating rainfall locations.  I spent 20+ years in the weather satellite field with lots of forecaster friends.  The 21st century awaits!  Over half the Philippines has smart phones without a single app for decent emergency management.  EPIC FAIL..
This app is not updated in many areas, we had an earthquake an hour ago but its still not reflected.  There have been aftershocks too but its no reflected..
3x redownload & install,  it doesn't work in my xiaomi note pro,  keep on saying "something is wrong with the connection but how can it  be" i can open googlestore then download,  i can surf internet,  i can open FACEBOOK and use twitter too.
Great app been using it for months now, but I think this will be perfect if you can add widgets in it. But overall it's a great app, thanks to the developer of this app.
I Can Track The Earthquack in philippines or the big one in my research is 6.5 - 7.8.
Cant get past first base to add the city I'm nearest....
there was an earthquake around 2am in south cotabato area it's not even posted in here.app should be updated..
Monitoring earth weak dril...
When it starts it says Add City... but I cannot...has access to my location...so?.
Guess this is one best app we can have for now, keep it up guys..
So very useful app...
Last to let you know.
Just like the app.
Is this an offline app.
Good app. Please add ability to share in social media..
Thanks for this good info..
Just loved it...
Love this app.
Awesome app.
Helpfully.
Sends earthquake reports accurately. But  sometimes the reports come in hours later..
earthquake vibration meter.
Very helpful ...
always updated.
The best app! .
Updated.
Very  useful.
nice.
Excellent! Full of information and MORE. Hopefully links will continue to work unlike other apps that go dead over time. I would definitely suggest this app. It's a keeper. One thing I would liken to suggest. Maybe a link to "Did you feel it?" Good job!.
This, by far, is the best all-in-one app for weather and earthquake forecast in the Philippines and abroad. Very timely and accurate.   Please fix any bugs on Android 7 Nougat.
Very helpful app. Soecially to people like me who always wants to keep updated about weather and nowadays EARTHQUAKE NEWS... Kudos to the developers of this app..
Very informative and all the infos I might be needing are all here. Good application in times like this. Sana my chat area... so we could connect to users on a certain area experiencing earthquake..
Very helpful app thanks. I miss a setting point for filters the earthquakes. Higher then 3 or 3.5 or 4....
Informative and reliable, just received notifications on earthquake, great for information dissemination...two thumbs up!!! kindly work on my location, I can't search my hometown, San Jose, Batangas from your app...hoping for improvements...kudos!!!.
Hmm mas updated pa yung links ng philvolcs kesa dito #JustMyOpinion.
Thanks app very informative!.
Really nice and useful..
Love it! Best weather/quake app I've downloaded thus far. Thank you.
Useful good job !!!!!.
Thank you so much for these information. This is a very helpful app!.
The best and most reliable app! All in  One! Hoping for future upgrades....keep it up!.
Really helpful, lots of information..
Great Job . i always use this apps for mitigation and prevention. also it helps me find quick information of the hazard. nice job.
It used to work great but it stopped working after the last update. It no longer loads..
Vey useful and informative. I also like the utilities feature..
Accurate info tnx.
Ok app but can be improved but good work and i use it often.
Very useful especially in Earthquakes..
This app is great and please dont stop it.
Works very good am very happy with this app.
no doubt,,,,,,,, this is so good and useful apk......
Very useful Apps.
Very helpful.
Nice one....
How come nawala na ung info sa fault finder . Nawala na ung red lines ng mga faults. Super useful pa naman sana sya. Please fix it..   Thank you for the update ! It's fixed now. More power!!.
This is a great app. Very informative..
Use this all the time!.
Very helpful. Do you have app for iOS user? Thank you!.
Good apps.
Like this app but im looking for something like the location of the LPA or weather disturbance... Please tell me what those numbers represent in the "weather outlook" in different location of the phil map?.
Bihira lang ako mag bigay ng rates and review thanks for this very useful to...ask ko lang Anong pinag kaiba ng free version sa paid version?.
Help a lot during monitoring the magnitude and intensities of the aftershocks in our area... :-).
It is very useful app to prevent natural disaster and calamity.
This is nice apps.i like it.keep it up.
Thank you for this app. God bless you..
This is what I need. And you all need..
Great app informative at always up-to-date.
pretty neat.
Nice.
It really give me the right and exact info. Thank you.
Helps a lot. Thaanks.
It has a wide range of weather forecast in many places in the country that you can't find in other similar apps. And still using it in my new phone to monitor the weather. Suggestion is that merging the Emergency hotline 911 in it makes it more useful during and after a catastrophe. You have my support, Dev!.
Gives setting for Philippines but dont display..useless app..just had email from  developer blaming everything on everyone else..FYI..my internet is CONSTANT 72-74 meg..not enough??? AND Online PAGASA works just fine..so..FIX UR OWN APP PROBS AND STOP BLAMING YOUR FAILINGS ON OTHERS...
This app is fabulous but the problem is that was mostly created for the Philippines use. I wish there was such a great app for the USA. Keep the good work..
Do signal warnings already featured in the app? if not could you please add that so we can know anytime if our place have a typhoon signal or not. thank you btw it is really nice app..
We just experience earthquake 30minutes ago, I try to look in the app, there is no update..
Nice app, its very usefull, tnx droidgox. but what's the difference between the free version and the one that for sale?.
Wow this is a great app weather i ever seen..
i love this app it is more usefull.
Very useful aps.
i made my news report about weather, earthquakes et al. this is great, i'll share this on social networking sites, keep up the good work!.
Never been safe after i downloaded this accurate AF app in my entire life.
love this app..kudos to the developer..
Wow ! Thank you . Very informative. God bless..
it's better to use JTWC because it's accurate than PAG-ASA...
Useful app.
Over ok!!!.
It's very useful.
Mauragon.
Very useful and informative...DRRMOs use it to disseminate information regarding disaster preparedness....
Just want to request if possible make the update for weather esp.rain showers a more vivid info.tnx! Thumbs up....
Says to add a city when you select My Weather. Just can't find a way to add.....I.
i like this.
I can't praise this app highly enough. I've learned more about geography from this app than from all my studies- and travels- combined, in over 60 yr. It's like a geography game! You are a genius and I thank you for directing your energy in this endeavor. Blessings on you!  (One request/suggestion: I can't figure out how to monitor tides for California. Is it me, or a future project for you?).
The ads load, but the features.... well, not so much. Nice menu, but most selections never load..
I never had an app so usefull as this one. I love it.
A comprehensive app having more info that are very useful and you can just find it in one app. Great job!.
You had everything on it.. weather and etc.... very usefull.
Awesome app!!.
Solid app.
This is awesome! Thank you!!!.
I love this app... I just hope all the feature will be free... thank you maker. Keep it up. Godbless.
Wow ., pra malaman namin lng may trahedya ba.
Useful for disasters!.
I like it.
Ayos ahhh.
Loading loading, loading.....
Awesome.
Thanks developer's.
I like this app. ived been using this for over a year, it has all the information that i need..
No update for Manipur earthquake.
Very useful apps. Why don't you add news on it..
An important companion..
Nice!.
For older version.
Simply love it.
I've been using this App for some time. It was just earthquakes and tsumami. The added features are awesome. Figured I'd update my review. Still an awesome App and worth buying the Pro version..
Keeps me updated with ph weather and earthquakes.
i think it would be better if we could visualize the map easier in which we could also see the places that goes through the fault.. more like a  map, that could see the streets and  other small details.. it is very useful for people who are not familiar with the places here in metro manila. please see what you can do to make this app better. thanks.
Really help me not on me , also  helps to our report about prepardeness in science..THANK YOU ..
Very useful,but I hope this will not have an expiration so that people can fuly maximize its purpose..
very good and helpful infomation.
This is not working. Wont even open. Where is the help in here? Giving a chance though, hope this be fixed..
Tnx po sa application na ito, dahil kahit na may mga ads sya ay naa update pa rin po kami sa lindol, lalo na po ngayon dito sa quezon city, dahil marami po ang mga residente dito, mas kailangan po namin ang updates para sa sinasabing THE BIG ONE , sana po mas mag improve pa ang application na ito kahit na free lang po sya, yung tutunog sya kapag may bagong updates(parang may nagtetext o tumatawag), para malaman po namin agad na may nangyaring lindol! Tnx po ulet! :) accurate sya! Dun sa news kanina :).
Before I purchase the paid app I'd like to know if this will prompt me when the earthquake will happen and if it will alert me even if I'm off-line..
Doesnt work keeps saying contact developer.
Can't Open Always saying Downlaoding Data.
and a lot will buy it as there is no good app of its kind in the Android world..
Doesn't ever completely load data, just times out with an error message..
This app is helpful and can save more lives..
Many thanks, great little app.
Great app. Best on the Market for the Philippines.
Loved it.
I love this. Fast and accurate information. Thank you! UPD NCPAG Student.
good there's an information about earthquake.
Useful.
Bumped into it. It doesn't really quake frequently where I live, but really useful to travelers who are not aware of the earthquake alarm systems.
Though I appreciate the hardwork around making this app... I am not satisfied since the earthquake measures are not seen for my country....
A very interesting app. I've seen so many earthquakes listed all over the world that you just wouldn't know about..
Nice idea. I hope we could use this in calamities.
I am a bit of a worrier. So this kind of app helps me sleep at night ;) nice service!.
What a great app for those affected by earthquakes and tremors in this region. It would be great if all parts of the world affected by earthquakes had such a great resource..
Great interface. Small sizes and downloads. Who knows, maybe someday we'll get worldwide coverage,  but it is still a very interesting app..
Simple design, could improve readability a bit. But worth looking at if your interested in the subject or live in an at risk area..
Very convienent for those living in Philippines, or traveling there. Shows the the latest info about earthquakes with all details in a simple and neat way..
I so appreciate  it  and  the  other  side  effects.
The app itself is a good idea but the user interface is a little clunky..
Because you never know what can happen ^^.
Needs an app redesign.. Maybe a map showing recent occurrences..
This is very useful app. Gives you important information on natural calamities..
Good man.
If you are worry about earthquake this is your app.
This is probably one of the useful apps that you can download. Imagine that your life can be safed because you know eathquake will coming with this apps.
Now i can get alert of the my area and be prepared for it..
Seems really good, but I don't live in an earthquake-zone hehe so totally useless for me.
Hope no earthquakes near but you never know so good to have this one.
The target audience is a very niche audience, but he information is presented very well. Great design and delivery of a unique product..
We have a filial in PH and this helps us to prevent any staff problems we may face.
Great work A must have app for all users in this region. Tsunami early warning is a life saver. Thank you !.
Nice app with simple layout and good graphics, very easy to use and  earthquake info seems up to date.
the fact that the apps require small size is a plus considering the function that it can provide real time data.
Luckily I'm not in an area affected by earth quakes. But, if I was I'd definitely recommend this app.
Great app for people living in this part if the world or for those who are curious about seismic activity..
Very nice app if you are into monitoring seismic activity worldwide..
There are no earth quakes in my country but this app is really useful for some people. There is no doubt in that..
I dont know whether it works properly or not but the concept is awesome.
This app provides useful data concerning seismic activity.
Would be nice to filter out insignifficant events..
Original idea and really useful app to stay update about natural disaster..
I think useful for people which living in dangerous area..
Nice clean layout, easily understandable and a good data source. Highly reccommend!.
If i ever need earthquake updates in the phillipines, this is the app I will use!.
A must have app for all users in this region. Tsunami early warning is a life saver..
The app will be very help full, it can even become a life saver at times.
Really good app for monitoring earthquakes. Provides detailed explanation about the event..
Very useful for danger prevent thanks..
Good and quality application. I haven't found any issues..
Terrific presentation of comprehensive earthquake and tremor data complete with maps.  Smooth and intuitive..
Very helpful and precise. Gives good information about the weather for a couple of days head.
How come it doesn't update recently? Shows that data can't be retrieved..
Nice but not useful for me as I don't reside in disaster prone areas!.
This is really useful! The latest earthquake info around the world..
Remarkable to see how many earthquakes there are in California every day!.
it OK to install on my android device.
Good app idea and useful safety app for those in the area.  Good, clean layout and design.
Would be testing it if it really works..
Easy interface and easy to read, just needs a search function..
Great reference for earthquakes.
Emergency info at your finger tips.
Great app for earthquake prone areas. Clean user interface.
Great tool. More features and information that I can use..
Needs notification alerts and a map view.
Only earthquake related app with phivolcs data for android devices.
Useful app with a slick, clean UI that responds quickly..
Woah !! That's a lot of info there !!.
Excelent interface on tablet. Looks awesome and works perfectly.
Keep you Alert from earthquake.
Useful for people who actually need data relevant to the earthquake updates..
Good utility app to keep yourself updated about earthquakes..
Its need more data so add more data source if possible.
It's really cool to have this info so accessible.
Does exactly what it says, with a lit of detail..
Information presented nicely, very clean interface..
Simple app with a nice layout for earthquake and tsunami data.
Has good data on earthquakes!.
The design and layouts were well done!.
Would be useful for other countries also, good job.
Nice app it hv hood info for earthquack and tsunami and updates regulrly.
Useful for people living in risk area.
Everything I need. just need to improve the design.
Good info to have. Pretty decent UI too :).
Really nic try ... gud one.
The app get all info nearly really..
Very helpful to know about seismic activities in your area.
To have all that info in your mobile device.
Nice and clean for its purpose.
Looks clean simple....
Good idea, useful safety app for those area..
Very useful app. I recommend..
App that shows earthquakes worldwide..
Good app for those interested in earthquakes.
Good concept and very useful app for me..
No earthquakes here, but now we are prepared.
Very nice app and very good design..
Useful app. I learn so much..
Really helpful app. Kudos to developer.
very useful app , 5 stars  4u.
Earth quake alerts.
A good utility app for earthquake prone regions.
This is useful for information details safety to people.
Always wanted this really nice app thank u.
Works well and does what I needed from it..
Works decently. Tested it on a table and it does it's job.
Please add more worldwide locations..
Interesting and useful app to know about earthquakes..
this app very useful... recomend for Indonesian peoples.
But I can't check function.
My previous review got deleted accidentally and there's no way to bring it back(Play Store Developers must consider this issue) but in this review I would like to say I will give it 5 Stars if I could see all the earthquakes around me or around the world with the filter of time and filter of Richter..
i see it has a world section, yet i failed to find my country. we had an earthquake of 5 Richter last week. still a bit confused, but app is worth it..
Hi .. Armon told me this app this is really useful for other people like me .. I really love it thanks for this app i hope this will get so many views i recommended it for everybody ..
Loved that it is updated real time. Its very easy to understand and there is a map. The volcano and tsunami updates are also a big plus. Would definitely keep in my phone. Nice job! :).
It says downloading data then after a feq seconds it says an error occured. Please fix..
There are no earthquake where I live but the app is well made for thoses who need this info..
Nice app because for me it's ok for the ads cause they updating the earthquake for get people alert for the earthquake not only earthquake, tsunami too and more.
Error unable to use it.  :(.
the updates are too slow..people needs fast update from this app so they can be more cautious and aware for what was happening...
Good to see you have a few months of the new one more about this email address so that is the way..
THANK YOU VERY MUCH. WE BADLY NEEDED THIS APP. PLEASE KEEP IT RELIABLE 
ALWAYS. GODBLESS!.
Good . I Really Want An Update . The Update Will Be An Alert Is A Time Like Equake.
The best all in one app in regards with Eq awareness. I hope it would also be available with iOs..
News have said there's a cyclone but this app shows nothing..
App is good for high frequency eartquake zones.
There is no available cyclone update sucks app and something wrong always said...bugs app.
It could help save lives.
It's an okay weather app..
great apps that can make us know about the news and update about geographical earthquake.
great UI and quick response, must have it on easy earthquake areas..
Great app,, just,, the only thing that missing is the information for earthquake duration,,.
Looks good, except I can't figure out how to set a filter for a country in particular and not the one where I currently reside..
Raspberry Shake support and receiving data from multiple sources definitely sold me on this app! Could use a couple more feeds from USGS (US Only, 2.5+) as well as more sources like the Oklahoma Geological Survey and University of Memphis CERI..
I have studied earthquake and volcanoes for 48 years and this app does not have what I am looking for. As well, there format does not suit my needs..
Has anyone got this to work with their Raspberry Shake?  I just get a blank screen with a map at the top..
this app keeps updating the latest EQ info as it is happening around the world. excellent....! except one thing, Irian Jaya Province has been renamed to Papua and West Papua Provinces. Can you update it as well? thanks.
I love this app so much, to my knowledge there's no better earthquake app out there..
I have tried to download this app for three days now and it just says "waiting to download".
Brilliant, lets you choose the sources and you can include your own raspberry shake!!.
VERY GOOD APP FOR MONITORING THE EARTHQUAKE ALL AROUND THE GLOBE. EVEN I AM AN INTERESTED PERSON IN MONITORING THE EARTHQUAKE AND TSUNAMI. AND ALSO I AM A WEATHER PASSIONATOR..
JUST DOWNLOADED. NEED TIME..
What its acurate .
Sound setting is useless. The app still use system sound..
Best app.
FANTASTIC IN.
awesome.
I post quakes on two groups on facebook. We loved it the way it was. Now it's harder to read list, don't like the gray map, and if I use terrain map it just shows a light blue dot. So I can't tell the depth anymore..
Why can't you make the parameters in the filter simple? I want notifications for my general area, not the whole world. I don't care about searching my lat and long and degrees. Just give me an option to choose my city, state, or continent and max distance. I feel like I'm back in the Navy navigating a ship with this app. That's not good..
It is an excellent app but there is one serious flaw: notification is not linked with filters. If in the future versions alerts will be linked with filters perhaps it will be the best earthquake app out there.  There is one bug as well. The emsc link to an event is wrong, the url contains an unnecessary string id=%eventid, and due this behavior the event url is wrong..
I'd give it 5 stars, but there is a bug that prevents proper viewing of my personal seismograph data for epicenters less than 20 miles. For instance, a distance of 23 miles correctly has a delay of 6 seconds, but a distance of 18 miles has a delay of over 17 minutes!  5-21.  After an update the above issue appeared to be resolved. I could get images from my raspberry shake for quakes less than 20 miles. However, now I can't get any rshake data for any quakes! Even after rebooting phone. It throws up a timer icon like it's getting data, but nothing ever shows, even for events that had previously displayed properly. Can't see real-time data either..
EMSC error. Please update.  I have been using this app for a few months, but now, I get a USGS connection error. Please try and fix.  Thanks fo fixing the USGS error and for the audio alert settings..
It is best of best.
Brilliant app, one of the best earthquake reporting. After latest update, now working perfectly, so 5 stars again.  Thanks..
Good app, great feedback from the developers..
MartinBatistaMarmol.
A very sexy app. .
good :| :) ^_^.
None other! Location, immediate, multiple sources, and a toggle between all quakes and the parameters you set. Volcanoes would be a nice addition. But this *is the best EQ app out there*..
Installed since may/2012 after the earthquake in north of Italy, I'm using it to watch what happen in the world every day. Good job guys!.
Bug fixed. Still the best, pure German spirit of practicality.
Amazing app, so detailed and I can't believe it's free.
Excelent app !.
Just what I was looking for. Not easy to toggle between list and map views though. Would love screen saver version like the old XEarth..
Changed settings back and forth, restarted device, no change. Ni tablet, ni phone works. Good app, need to fix notifications..
I can't filter for just my state. I could care less what goes on outside my state and I sure don't care to be notified about every earthquake all over the entire planet. Uninstalling.
Doesnt show the earthquake Australia just had 30 min a ago..
but I cannot receive notifications..
Alerts only when app is in use..
Nice app. Easy to use.
Galaxy Note 3.
It's good aplication for my asus zengo,.
Really acurate!.
Excellent.
Any how it would be nice if you will get info from Icelandic earthquakes readers system too (I don't know theirs name) because of lots of earthquakes there and all of volcano there. Some of theirs volcanoes is big and have make major catastrophe in world air traffic. But you have made 5 star app her any way..
Great app but it doesn't start on boot or update auto as per settings even after screen is reawakened.  Since KitKats changes to its internal task killer/ minram management this app is thrown out because if it's high oom value and doesn't restart. When are we going to see a push system?.
This new update are great, UI smoother, load faster, great job. I hope next update when loading map, it can be cached on internal storage..
Would be better if the map used reflected a Heat map, and also overlayrd fault lines..
My dad and I love this u should get it its so awesome!=^.^=.
The most simple eq program. Still the autoupdate is not working for me..
Very good..but no notifications  in real time.
Would be nice to have blink notification on Q6 up!.
fast, and easy to use, very precise.
Good please create a Persia one.
Wow, great app!.
Usefull apps.
This app is really up-to-date and efficient as it tells you not only the magnitude of the earthquake but also shows us on a world map where it is. The fact we can edit the filter parameters is a good feature. However, this app doesn't tend to notify me when there has been an earthquake even though it is supposed to. Another feature I think would be cool is to show tectonic margins on the world map. Apart from that, an all around great app..
It'd be perfect if widget with flashing warnings.Could be better after update I believe :-) 11/20 Some info missing. Need accurate, updated and latest info.  What happened to Texas 3.6 two hours ago? And previous not reported. Need to work harder on it.  :-).
if next release will fix these below it could compete the top app on this matter since it has already started better way focused	My suggestions for next release are:  1. to add a bottom button in order to toggle viewing mode more directly like in the window displayed. 2. (add Richter degrees  scale as it is much more comprehensive than Mercalli etc) 3. to fix relative distance from source filter bug. Currently results huge list events no matter your distance or gps settings...
Lean app with great filters and controls, but gives you what you need..
No sirve.
No audio alert on galaxy note 2..
Wonderful interface. No ads. Great thinking all the way through the details. Bravo!.
SO FAR, SO GOOD. NO COMPLAINS YET..
Fast updates and notifications simple but perfect!!!!!.
Recently USGS has been giving an "invalid format" message. Anytjing you can do to fix? No US updates in a few days..
Only missing (1) the feature to define several filters and (2) some EQ news. Also: defining lat/lon is stupid - JUST (meaning ONLY) use a distance filter (preferably in km units which is more intuitive)!.
... but not perfect. Though it could be with a little TLC. I tried several other similar apps and this is the one I liked best. I like the color coding for earthquake depths. I also like the ability to link to the earthquake monitoring source websites. I would like to see at least these 4 improvements to the app: 1) allow switching between satellite and street views directly from the map. Going through the menu is just too klunky and old-fashioned. 2) offer more monitoring sources. the app is definitely missing some activities other earthquake apps found. 3) display distance from the user to the activity in the info panel on the map, not just on the earthquake list. 4) provide some sort of legend or color code for magnitude. right now, the color coding in the list is for date. that can be handled another way, like with a divider. 5) allow for a historical time frame that goes back farther. 7 days is just not long enough. 14 days should be possible. maybe even 30 days - though it would make a long list. what would be very useful is to filter by date range and region..
App still doesn't update in background. This is still the case. I have it set for thirty minutes. 7-16-2012. No service appears to launch, useless. A one because of this since this type of app should update in background..
One of the best if not the best.  I really like the datasources that can be utilized.  Very easy to set up and use.  Highly recommend..
Simple, accurate, quick, all necessary settings, less permissions, a lot of resources. It's just great for me!.
5.4 indonesia 9/13/12 -fastest alert on internet..
but can't share !.
Does what it says..
Very good.
Very good app works fast and is easy but lacks News information..
Pretty much a failed app.
Very good.
I've got everything I need: list of earthquakes, map overview integrated with Google Maps, notification of new events with sound and vibration, filtering of earthquake events, selecting data sources, and so on.  Also nice and clear is the map view mode when the phone is in landscape mode.    Very well done. Thanks..
It's very good app. Now, I can see earthquakes happened around the world. I hope this app could show correctly (which means all earthquakes showing in app aren't fakes)..
This app dont show one USA quake! Its not any good for me. Weve had 11 in oklahoma tonight and not one shows!.
Have seen not one NZ earthquake yet we have had many since install. Off to find another app..
Sucking out the crude oil aint helping!.
See title.
I just didn't like how the filters worked. Personal preference..
Add BGS (British Geological Survey) as a source please..
Internet wont connect.
Urgently u mast have this.
Mais elle marche avec l'Internet.
Gives you all the info a layman would need.
It fulfils its purpose in a very easy way..
First use, new google maps, nice! Second use, last years maps, just like Google Earth and Maps... I'm not impressed. What lengths Google strides to lameness, profits from targeting ads, profits from our free reviews, sells us out to advertisers, and might as well show us maps from a 5 year olds coloring book. Sick of the sleezy Google and their Authoritarian attitude. They also can't help but serve up fear ads over and over, even when criticized. Time has come to ditch andriod. App ok..
Interesting. It's disappointing that you don't use SSN Mexico data as I am in Mexico. I saw in comments that someone asked for a 100 km limit. In Mexico City, shakes from significantly further than that can be quite severe..
I live in Anchorage Alaska and have been using your app since my first smartphone which was only about 2 or 3 yrs ago, no computer or laptop ever I'm computer illiterate, still haven't figured out how to use it & there are no classes for older people, I'm 65 so what I'm trying to say is that thank you big time for making it possible even for me to understand how to use it & the news is very informative. Keep up with being totally far out to everyone that works for this app. Again thanks.
I like your app but it's missing the option to switch between metric and imperial units in the notification alerts, it shows x km from x location.
I love the ease and performance of this app it allows me to find earthquakes in areas and so on.
I like this earthquake app it's very useful an easy to work and it tells you everything about the earthquake.
It freezes doesn't navigate. Keep getting a server error notice.
Selection to should faults doesn't even show the San Andreas fault. LMAO. Must not be a major fault.....
Very useful App. Thanks! Ads at the bottom, I don't consider them "disruptive "..
It doesn't let you choose a 100 mile radius around your location to only alert you for where you might feel the quake..
Outstanding app. A must-have if you track earthquakes. Accurate and detailed with voice notifications. totally customizable. Stream through your Bluetooth for instant information throughout the day. Thank you for creating this app. PS. need different logo. at first glance I thought it was an archery app. .
This is an excellent app. Clear presentation and easy to set up. Notifications are good. Plenty of information about each quake. Recommended .
Fantastic App ! Great Job ! information is detailed and consistant. Pictures of local Activity or links to some images would make this app even better....
This is a great app, it is straightforward and easy to understand and use. I also like the stats and the news articles that are associated with earthquakes..
had multiple earthquakes this morning, this tool stopped showing results with 7/11/2019 tried refreshing every way i could think of. the days quales didnt show ... just had a 4.9 from the 7.1 on 7/5, useless. uninstalled..
VERY GOOD! I've never had an earthquake monitor that does so much. Keep it up, y'all.!.
I like this app a lot thank you..
After I have the apps awhile they stop showing quakes I heard reported on the news. So I have to uninstall and look for a decent one not censored..
Very informative, since PR is now one of many active place, I'm looking for your updates..
Nice and informative.
Seems to be working well - happy with it.
Love setting the tones based on magitudes 2..and shows the locations.
Love this app  very accurate !.
great app guy's, nice job thank you.
Uninstalled. Not what I was looking for.
Great notiification on my alert sound  ((())) s..
So cool it makes my think their is a real eathquake there.
YOU HAVE TO LEARN ITALIAN..
like it keeps me enforned.
love i.d.dislayed on squeen magitude area.
Great app. Works better than any of the other earthquake apps I have tried. Devs corrected missing USA selection in settings within an hour of notification. Very responsive devs!! Thank you!.
wonderful.
For me, this app is the best of its kind, & I've tried tons of them. No 
redundant or overlapping settings like many others, and features that are 
unique and useful here. Created from a users perspective. Minor gripes have 
been resolved by dev from earlier versions.. Now you can set "all" 
notifications at magnitude from 0 up to 7+ while having a local zone 
selectable by distance that can notify you of lesser activity(mag 0-7) I 
love this customization; practical and intelligent. All around great app. 
Bravo!.
Rubbish app....
Thank.
The only issue is language, but considering that the countries which have regular seizmic activity,don't have English as their main language, it can be forgiven. Well done app makers..
Couldn't set it to work in California..