Not usable at all! It constantly says, "check internet connection." Before I can even log in. I have no problem with my connection. I ran other apps today right before coming to Amazon. I even updated it, then Uninstalled it & reinstalled it. Tablet's memory is only 58% full, so it has plenty of room. It flashes a green & yellow screen (the sign on screen without words) before it says check connection. Then wont let you log in! I even tried to use Android Tablet app both have the same issue UGH!.
Complete mess! Can't purchase anything since you can't view most items pictures when scrolling through all the deals they're having, jus a white square, unless you click on the square. None of the "watchDeal" buttons are showing up like they're supposed to. Everything only partially loads&I'm not getting my deal notifications. Like others said, I've restarted, changed phones and my fire tablet, used data and wifi.. still same problems. Not a good idea during black friday sales!.
For some reason, awhilst scrolling, the images of products will not appear. Unless I click each product individually. Which becomes a pain. I have attempted to uninstall and reinstall the APP. However, it did not help the matter. If that was fixed, I would then rate 5 stars!!!!.
No bad it was 50% better. But now the app want to pick what department to automatically search and it limits the search so you miss a lot of stuff unless you on desktop. To make app 50% even more better stop limiting the search after searching low to high price and you stop showing all the items for sell limiting the search. An It does not always load pictures.
Frustrating is the only way to describe this app now. Went from perfectly easy to use continuous scrolling when showing results, to pages - which aren't even numbered?? Why would anyone think that is an improvement? Also, since last update, the results are displayed side by side which involves scrolling across now as well as down! This app is now so user unfriendly I can only assume Amazon don't want us to shop with them anymore..
Amazon collate various editions of the same book into one item but on the app you cannot view all of these. You can only view one hardcover and one paperback edition (all the other hardback and paperback editions are hidden). You have to visit the Amazon website on a desktop computer to view all of these. This makes the app unusable for purchasing books (especially second hand). Please fix this and I'll delete my review. Thank you..
I have no earthly idea what in the world happened to this app. But the view list while shopping is completely out alignment! I cannot see the results without sliding the page from right to left. Please fix this ASAP! It has been going in for a couple of weeks now. I've uninstalled and reinstalled hoping to catch an update but its still out of alignment. I'd hate to do mu Christmas shopping elsewhere but there is noway that I can successfully shop like this!.
Since the latest update, when searching for items, it automatically narrows it down to a category and will not let you change the category even if it's not the category you want. For example, I search “Doctor Who" but wish to find the books, not the TV show. There's no option to narrow it down to books anymore. I'd much prefer to go back to the old way of searching when you didn't just assume to know what we're looking for and let us decide that. Thank you..
This is the worst to search for anything or buy anything on! Doesn't allow you to choose the category you want and it doesn't even have a grid system so you can look at more items so it takes forever!! I only have this for updates on my shipping. This actually used to be a really good app about two years ago, but the more they update the worse they get!! PRIME SHIPPING HAS BEEN LATE ALL YEAR!.
Great when it works. In general, prime is a great deal and Amazon provides decent hassle-free service, but if they mess up your package pretty much the only thing they will do to make it right is offer a refund. The search feature has gone downhill over time and it's currently not possible to exclude irrelevant search results, which makes tasks like searching for cellphone cases a complete waste of time..
Not working after several trys... keeps showing the same sign-in screen without allowing me to sign in with an error message that my device is not on-line which is false because I have no problems with my maps navigation telling me where to go & if you can read this, that's another indication that there's a problem!.
Nothing has changed even after contacting support! Multiple search results appear too large (like in desktop view). It's difficult to see anything and I need to constantly swipe left/right. This interface is useless in the app and still hasn't been fixed. And yes, I deleted and downloaded the app several times like support suggested - it did not help. It also looks like this from another phone, so the issue is not with my device..
The app is generally fine, but PLEASE FIX NOTIFICATIONS SO THEY MAKE SOUND. Notifications for this app always appear in my "Silent" notifications area. I have spent a great deal of time trying to fix this if it has something to do with my device, but after my own experience and the experience of others who have posted about it online, I've come to conclusion that this is the fault of the app developers, either by choice or by error. PLEASE FIX THIS..
App is buggy. For example, when viewing an item and you tap the photo to view a larger pic of the item, nothing happens and all your see is the swirling thinking icon even though internet is fast and it works fine in browser. If an item has a link to a owners manual in .pdf format, it never works and displays an error instead; again, the same link works fine a browser..
Crashes every 15 minutes if you do more than browse so don't click on a product, zoom into an image, or read reviews! You have to click "see all images" to go through customer images; if you click on an individual image you have to click "back" to go to the main product page, click on the next image, go back to the main review page again, click on the next image, etc. IPhone version of the app has none of these issues. Search history also shows up in random order and some are missing. So weird.
I believe the filter bug was fixed. I still think there should be an option under prices to create custom price ranges. 9 times out of 10, I have to select "under $25", and I am stuck sifting through the options for the best deal. There should also be a filter for item nation of origin. Overall, the search could be better. I have to spend a lot of time sifting through irrelevant "trash"..
Seems to be moving backwards. I have always had problems with opening pictures. Now when you scroll down even the thumbnails go missing. You constantly have to stroke the screen up and down to get them to appear... Just when you get it right they vanish again. For what one would imagine to be the world's highest grossing store front it's a bit pathetic. Even the Banggood app works better for crying out loud..
No more continuous scrolling and when searching all the results are WAY too big so you have to scroll side to side just to see an item... the app used to be amazing now it's just mediocre. Might as well just use the website on your phone because it's just as useful. No idea who thought these "updates" were a good idea but they need to evaluate things..
For years I loved the app, but not so much the past few years. I had to disable it last year because it kept opening and closing. It did this all day without any prompts from me. I received a coupon offer on Amazon's website if I used the app. I thought I'd try again. It keeps crashing. I haven't even been able to sign in. I've talked to other people who have the same problem. The phones range from brand new to old. That told me it's not the phones. Your video and music apps work fine still..
App will occasionally will hang and not open when accessing a product description directly from Google search results, but will still display "Amazon Shopping" bar at top of the window. Tried to sign in on a new device and followed all the prompts to verify the account. When I finished and opened the app, it started the process all over again. I can't actually finish logging in..
I took the time to properly register. I made sure my billing address matched my credit card. Made sure I imputed my correct home address. I was registered for 2 full weeks with Amazon. Had Amazon prime TV working and all. I was blown away by what Amazon had to offer. Two full weeks of shopping, day and night. Finding all sorts of treasures. I Built a shopping cart with 39 items. And 50 " saved for later items". When I finally was ready to purchase my cart. Amazon canceled my account. Shop local..
It used to have a filter for what can be delivered same day or next day, which was very, very useful, now all i get is a "prime" switch for the "free" delivery that's actually in the price of the product. Some things are on ebay for half the price from the same seller for example. Also, what is going on with the pictures when scrolling? It's soo nauseating having all images on listings flicker in and out at every swipe.
The app was great until a couple months ago, now when i search for items the list (and only the list) is zoomed in, the menu and everything is normal, just the list, If i can be bothered to get to the bottom and want to go to the next page i have to scroll to the right as the button is no longer on the same screen. I know this isn't a big deal but i do everything on my phone and I may just sto using amazon altogether..
Convenient, but has limitations. The search filters are often poorly designed for web use already, but much more difficult to use in the app. Most annoying thing about the app is that notifications that I actually want to receive only show the first few words and upon clicking it, the app takes me to the home page instead of to the full notification, so I don't actually find out what the notification was for unless I go out of my way to find the notifications within my account through the app..
As much as I hate to admit it I do love Amazon shopping. What I don't love is this dang app. A couple updates ago it started behaving differently - it is now nearly unusable on my phone; every time I search for anything it gives me lists that are blown up to what seems like a "desktop version" of the site. When it does this it will not let me zoom out, I just have to scroll around the giant images and hope I see everything, it's pretty frustrating and difficult to use now..
Been buggy to the point of even crashing my Samsung 20! You would think with all the money they're making hand over fist that they could get an app that doesn't constantly keep crashing. If you really don't want me to buy your stuff than you are succeeding in your goal. Between the crashes and the inability to look at images of most products that is easily done on the website In more annoyed than enticed to purchase most of the time..
The most recent couple of versions of the app are not showing the products when scrolling on the galaxy s10. They completely disappear and can only be viewed by clicking the product. This happens in any of the black Friday buttons (such as lightning deals or all deals). Uninstall and reinstall doesn't help. Up until the last couple of versions it worked great. Using android 10 with latest patch..
What happened to the "filter and sort" option? The new system doesn't work. I'm an avid outdoorsman, and I enjoy all things that go "bang". Trying to find things related to bullet casting, reloading, storage, etc, I searched for "bullet". The only results I get are blenders and vibrators. Please consider going back to the older filter and sort system, it actually worked..
Unfortunately the simple process of signing into my account caused me enough headache to delete the app within an hour. Once I entered my sign in details I would get sent a text with a link. I would click on this link and it would send me back to the start and I would have to sign in again and sent another text etc (never ending circle of fun). When I tried to access customer support I was automatically directed to sign in again. So unable to sign in and unable to access customer support..
Since I updated the app last night it has done nothing but crash, glitch, and flicker open and closed. It won't let me open it whatsoever. Then I get a notification from my Samsung that there is an app draining my battery and using too much background time. I use this app all the time. And am in the process of making a baby registry. Now I have to use an internet browser and its such a hassle..
Does not work on the S20+. Only loads a certain amount of listings before glitches out and going blank, most of the time the homepage is just blank and the app crashes constantly. Also, the Prime Now app is not compatible with the S20+. Such a massive cockup by a company who should be adhering to the "mobile-first" perspective more than any other..
The app is decent up until I start to search for produce on my OnePlus devise. Most of the things I want to look up are done by search and there isn't any option for filters. No filters by price, category, by ratings or by brand. Super annoying so now I just use the web to shop. This was super evident during Amazon Prime day where I wanted to see what else was comparable on sale and it couldn't sort. Please fix for Android..
Really frustrating to use this app. Just trying to scroll through the lightning deals, images load fine, then suddenly all images disappear and takes a little while for the pictures to load back in. I've tried force closing, clearing cache, clearing data, using WiFi, using mobile data, restarting phone, uninstalling and reinstalling the app, unplugging phone from charger and it makes no difference, so can only assume it's the app!.
I'm rating this Amazon app from a 5-star to a 3-star. Because shopping on Amazon is fun. That's one great thing about it. But returning stuff is a big headache. It's not easy returning stuff. So hopefully, I should never have to worry about returning things never again or for a long time. Because Amazon can close accounts for too many returns. That's why I have to be very careful of what I buy. So I don't have to worry about that hassle. If I don't return things, then I'm all good..
It's like an app from the 00's. Horrible UI, constantly errors when loading (Ooops, something went wrong) and totally unusable because of. Only wanted to know a:) the price of an item and b:) the seller, which don't seem so easily viewable on mobile web browser. Only thing this app is useful for, is Notifications on delivery..
Very easy to use. Has everything you could think of for very reasonable prices. Everything is easy enough to find as well. I highly recommend this app especially if you are one to shop all the time. Its easy to track orders and easy to add things to a basket and helps you with different recommendations depending on what you are looking for..
Newest update is slower than before, search filter no longer work so I'm simply using the website and going to uninstall the app. Sadly, you ruined a good thing. Latest couple updates, now things like lightning, watching deals no longer work. It's also too bad there's no way to copy a link to an item to share with others..
Been using almost exclusively Amazon for a while now. The buyer protection and customer service are great. But, since I am rating the app here: The basic functionalities are all there, but the search is HORRENDOUS. There are not enough filters, if you are not buying a sponsored or prime product, you are better off using google and then switching to amazon via link. If you are looking for a cheaper option and sort by price, you first have to get through pages of vaguely related 1 € items..
App doesn't seem to be entirely mobile friendly. I keep having to swipe to the right side of the page to see other options, like clicking to the next page or just seeing other products. The app hasn't always been this way, but I doubt I will use it very much due the the inconvenience of not being able to simply scroll down the page to see my options. Fix this Amazon..
This is great it has like everything food clothes whatever you can think of it's on Amazon, except for living things but I do recommend it, five stars I love how they're sections of the under five dollars and you got an Alexa list that has milk, eggs,bread, food, healthy stuff, medicine all of that I recommend this. Amazon you do a good job of keeping stock.
Two aspects worth a mention; 1. You can get wildly different search results from the app and the Amazon website on a PC so if you're searching for an unusual or rare item you may miss out on options and choices in your purchase if you don't conduct a search on both platforms, 2. Searching by title for a movie on DVD very often doesn't offer 'DVD' as a category in the 'category' filters; it always offers 'Prime Video' however which is an unacceptable hard sell..
The app stop visualizeing properly the items, particularly when scrolling long lists. Also, it tends to restarts jist like that. I was in the middle of a review, check anothrr app for a second and when I switched back to o Amazon it jist reloaded to the main page, completely obliterating my review. It's not a massive issue, at least I don't have any issues purchasing anything, but it wasn like that a month ago..
This app is a nightmare for any IT specialist. It's slow (moving one item from a list to another in general takes 30 sec. I erupt faster) and have a lot A LOT of lags in it(removing an item makes my smartphone stop the app and nothing works. It happens each time). Also, there is no categories organization in search, like genres for books, price changing (only from low to high that is not that useful). But the lags problem and app's slow reaction is still the most important problem..
I agree that dark mode should be added like other apps dark mode is taking over it's easier on the eyes and battery life plus you don't disturb people around you using the dark mode. The app also lags on responding to your touch takes forever for a page to load come on of your going to be the leader in sales this Christmas your going to have to get faster programing than what you have now. Then we'll have to go to Walmart who wants to go there in the first place to shop..
Latest update is terrible. On galaxy s10+ with the latest update it's very slow and lags. New "next" page slows the search down, new filtering system is terrible as well. Adding to cart sometimes just freezes and does't add anything to cart, until i close the app and try doing everything again until it works, sometimes multiple times. And there's no focus when i try searching with camera. I wish i could go back to the previous version..
I cannot stand this update. I want to look for clothes and shoes without scrolling from side to side and only seeing one item at a time. I give up and stop looking, it's truly an obnoxious UI design choice. I was hoping you'd fix this in the most recent update but you've somehow made it worse with the giant sponsored ads :( I'M BEGGING YOU TO FIX THIS PLEASE, THIS APP IS BARELY USABLE. I get you're trying to drive people to ads but DAMN..
When tapping product in app or link to a product outside the app that jumps into the app, product fails to show and frequently a segment of what displays will blink/slide on screen in a stuck loop. Samsung Galaxy S8 with all OTA updates from T-Mobile since I got it used (fmr. Verizon), tried reinstalling then clearing data. Took screen capture video. Will try use the developer feedback info to send it. There's another (inconsistent) bug where switching to the app from a clicked link gets stuck..
I dont know whats wrong with the app, but is the only app on my phone that is extremely slow. Sometimes it gets almost useless. I tried in 5 different android phones and it still going slow. Like when u click any product, have to wait in forever before do anything, sometimes it takes about 30-40 seconds to be able to atleast change color, size, etc... And is to damn much when u got 8 GB of RAM, 2.6Ghz cpu with 8 cores, and 200 mbps internet speed..
"slow, looks & feels outdated, dragging items into lists disappeared. it's like being on the browser instead of an app. hate it." I posted this just over a year ago & nothing changed. yeah it's functional. you order, it's delivered. I love having the organization, endless categorized lists. unlike eBay where you can only "watch" 200 items. BUT I miss when you could hold items down & drag them into the list bar, change lists, move/delete items.. the ease of use. it needs an update. (STILL).
It was a great app. Used it all the time. Now things come up so huge sometimes, you can't use it. I've had to resort to the desktop version online. And when that isn't the problem, if you're looking at items and going to the next page, you have to scroll all the way to the right to find the next button and the pages are all blank. It's very frustrating. Wish they would fix it. I just did the latest update, and it didn't fix the problem. It's impossible to do anything through the app anymore..
Doesn't compete with its IOS counterpart. Looking up an item and making a selection means you have to research the item you are looking for because there is no back button functionality (seriously!? They missed something that obvious?) just in general this app feels clunkier than it's IOS counterpart. This is coming from a returning customer Amazon, I'm not trying to sound like a Karen but you should really work on improving this app..
Amazon, listen to your customers! Something has happened to the mobile format and now search results are huge and require scrolling all around just to see (left, right, up, and down). Nothing fits on the page anymore. It's messy, inconvenient, and inefficient. The sort of thing that drives away business because customers have to work too hard just to find what they need, when other sites offer a better, more organized user experience. Take notes from these reviews and please fix this problem!.
Hi all! I am updating my review and hoping to report a new suggestion for the Amazon app. I like the new set up of filters on the top bar when shopping because I use certain filters on everything I search to find the best quality items from trusted sellers. However, the "category" filter option is too far over. It should be one of the first shown in the row. In order to filter for only items shipped and sold by Amazon, I must first select the Category. Please move the Category filter over. Thx!☺.
Why did they make it so I have to scroll horizontally to click Next page. Very bad design. 5stars otherwise, but this is so annoying and so bad, that it renders the app absolutely useless The Previous and Next buttons should not be taking up the width of my screen. They need to be halved in size like before so I can click previous or next without having to scroll sideways. I'm on a Phone!!!.
Search results show up as huge images that are far too big to be seen on my phone and are side by side so not only do I have to scroll down but let and right as well. Also for some reason the top results always seem to be the kind of cheap, poorly made products you would find on the wish app. If I'm searching for leather boots I want results for leather boots. I understand that they run around $150+ I don't need results for $30 faux leather boots made by overworked underpaid children in China..
I don't like the fact that emailing Amazon can only now be done through the app to try to force us to use it. Also HATE HATE HATE the fact that everything that is typed into the search bar is remembered and displayed every time I tap the search box. Privacy? There is no setting to stop this and no easy way to delete all. The app is OK apart from this, but because of the search bar issue I will not use the app & keep it installed only in case I need to email Amazon. Complain people!.
App won't ever open from links in the phone anymore. You have to manually open the app first, then go back to the web page or email links back into the app. It wasn't broken like this before. You'd think someone like Amazon would have a flawless app. Broken on HTC phone and Galaxy S20 so I know it's not the phone..
App's become flakey. This has been my "go to" method for browsing and purchasing since the start of the pandemic. I swapped to a new phone yesterday (Google Pixel 5) so this is as "stock" as you're going to get with Android. Since then the apps not been reliable. As reported elsewhere, product images will load, then disappear as you scroll (onscreen), sometimes reloading after a few seconds, sometimes not until you've scrolled away then come back..
There's been some major problems lately with the app... When scrolling randomly all the images of products will just disappear. I still hate the page system they put in place. On top of those two issues, I still can't believe amazon doesn't have a dark mode yet. In all honesty the app just blinds me if I'm in a semi dark room. Even just a medium grey background would be better than that blinding white. UI's clunky, there's bugs, and the page system for scrolling through products is frustrating..
This app used to be USEFUL and efficient. WHAT happened. It is impossible to report that a FULL bottle of shampoo was opened and saturated my order box. Messy, ok, but I want my replacement shampoo! I have pics. Where is the FUNCTIONING, not flashing and scrolling like a Sat night red light district REPORT a order problem option. Get it together Amazon. You've got technical issues out the ying yang and Walmart is beckoning! The holidays are here, shape up. I want my replacement dandruff shampoo!.
This app has become a buggy mess. Browsing items and viewing photos freezes the app. It's not occasionally, it's a problem every time it's used. This has been an issue for the past couple of updates. Ridiculous and unacceptable from one of the world's biggest companies in technology and commerce..
OK for checking on orders etc. but poor for actually buying anything. It's slow and would rather show you sponsored items rather than what you actually want. Search and filtering could be much better and if you click on a link whilst browsing elsewhere the app will take an age to load, if at all. Now I almost always buy using my laptop and use eBay on my phone..
The mobile version is so annoying because when you try to purchase, it won't load when you go to select an address. IF it loads, it will then continue to load when you go to select free shipping. I've tried 8 times to purchase on the app and on mobile browser but it does the same thing. Definitely needs to be fixed if you want someone to actually purchase your product..
You're app and pc site will not allow me to see pages. I keep getting captchas and errors constantly. I can't shop on the app because of my vision, but because I get the same on the pc, I'm always having to delete and download it again. I can't shop the way I want if I can't use the site anywhere... I'm shopping more elsewhere because no one will help me. The rating system is also so deceiving. I used to depend on reviews, now it's a joke! Everything has gotten rediculous. Please fix it..
*Edit:Amazon Smile - is now in settings* ... Finding specific settings to adjust is very difficult in general; there should be a site map or table of contents or something. Going through each sublink seems the only way to stumble upon new ways to personalize your account or experience. It would be nice to implement an advanced-search (of products) option as well, instead of going through each filter systematically..
The contents in the app load so slow. This app used to be great. I used to order from it once a month. Biggest waste of time if you want to buy groceries. App loading times are horrible. Also, good luck if you select something unintentionally. That'll add another 10 minutes to your ordering.
Good app but bad black Friday implementation, when I go to the offers page scrolling down it just starts flickering, making impossible to see what product can be handy. After a shi**y year like this, people were waiting for black Friday to buy something useful but with this user experience for somebody who is constantly checking new offers hoping that the product he needs gets a discount, this is the worst user experience that people could ever have..
not sure why but when i search things the results are blown up to the point where i cant see everything, its nothing to do with my phone settings ive looked for over an hour and cant find anythig to change the size of the images. pretty annoying. also only shows maybe half of what ive searched, the rest isnt even close to being relevant..
This app is very easy to navigate & has never failed me. Customer service is excellent at Amazon... Only Exception was during the lockdown when you could not get to a real person through customer service & had to use email. The 1 thing that drives me bonkers is in the Subscribe & save section if a product is not being delivered especially if you have had it on a monthly basis for over a year , there is no way to communicate with anyone in subscribe & save to address your issues..
Won't allow me to log in, says it needs to send an email for security, then when I click the link in the email it shuts the app down and opens Amazon in Chrome. Then if I try to sign in on the app again, it does exactly the same again. Deleted and redownloaded after speaking to an Amazon representative on the phone, but didn't resolve the issue!.
Stopped working on Pixel 2 XL with "uh oh something went wrong on our end" message a couple of days ago. Upgraded to the latest version 20.21.0.100, which didn't help. 10/26/20 signed out/signed in, uninstalled/reinstalled- app is completely broken, shows the uhoh dog and nothing else anymore. Workes fine via web browser..
One of my favorite apps👍 I use it to do 90% of my shopping. It's very user friendly and so convenient as soon as something comes to mind I want or need I jump on the app order the item or items and the next thing you know the product is waiting at my door. It feels like Christmas everytime I get a delivery..
Content is great obviously, but the app can be a little flakey at times. For instance when scrolling through product lists (usually Flash Deals or Black Friday lists etc.) the images for the products occasionally disappear at a certain scroll point, then reappear if you scroll back up, however this can mean you only see the very top of an image before it disappears. I can replicate this often and am able to take a screen record if Support/Dev needs it. Managing Subscriptions could be better..
Won't let me sign in! I updated the app hoping this problem would be resolved, but no. I tap the "Sign-In" button on the app, then I sign-in using my mobile number (tried email too) and password and it sends me a verification link via text to verify my sign-in attempt. I click the link to verify, it opens the link in my Chrome browser while simultaneously closing the Amazon app. I open the app again (hoping to be signed in), and I'm not. It just makes me go in circles... Never getting anywhere..
I have being using this app for years and never had a bad experience. It have being a useful way of shopping for me. Thank you all for the experience. My only wish is that that app will support dark mode for the next update. Because I only use my phone on dark mode. So it's only viable that this app support it..
Bug fix needed ASAP. I didn't even get to use the app. Signed up for account and then attempted to sign in several times. After getting verification message to my phone and approving it the app just closes suddenly. When I click to reopen app the whole process starts over. Wasted my time. Hope this is addressed soon..
I'm sick and tired of not being able to just sign in. Instead this otp keeps popping up. Then it's go to your email toget the code. Then I have to verify it's me. Then every damn time I have to make a new damn password. I didn't even set this thing up. Nor am I able to disable it. Starting to think Amazon is not worth all this trouble..
I Enjoy using Amazon there online service is great you can usually find what you're looking for. There prices range from reasonable to expensive it's all depends what ur looking for. You can keep track on your items. There are other online services like them but i prefer using them..
The app doesn't let me login in. I go through all the sign in process and receive an email to confirm my identity ect ...... I open my email app and confirm the "Sign in attempt". But then when I try to go back to the Amazon Shopping App it has closed all by itself! This then leaves me having to start the login process again from the beginning only to get the same result. In contrast if I login in via a web browser it works fine so the problem is with the app. Waste of time..
There is no list view option, so some things are in list view and other things are in grid view. Grid view is garbage on my phone, a galaxy s9, because you can't even see the entire item. It makes shopping difficult and the categories in grid view are now things I won't buy on Amazon anymore. They're going to lose money because people will avoid those categories. Please give the option for list view or grid view, amazon!.
I usually don't write reviews , but I felt inclined to say something. So there was this skin for my character on this game that I wanted to get, so I decided to make an amazon prime account. Since it was me, I ran into a ton of issues right off the bat. Not only could I not get the item I wanted but soon after Amazon locked my account for " suspicious activity". I haven't used my account to buy anything. Customer service was poor, they kept telling me the same thing. Honestly I feel scammed..
Always very slow to respond. Pages reload every time, navigation is horrible, adding to your cart is a navigation nightmare and some product pages auto load cart others do not, try continue shopping, I don't want 50 damn page loads and having to wait for the site just to get back to where I was at why it would not have add to cart, go back to search list, or go to cart, options ya right that's too easy. Searching is ridiculously inaccurate. Quick view a product ha get ready to throw your phone..
It won't let me add anything to my lists. It just gives an error saying "Please check your internet connection and try again.(1)" It gives this message no matter how good my connection is, even tried it at a few different locations. I don't know what wrong but it's extremely frustrating.
Love amazon. But lately the delivery notifications are all over the place! For example, I got a notification that .y package was the next stop. They were less than a mile away! Then suddenly they went the opposite direction. Then I get a notification saying they had to drop off other things first and my delivery time went from 12:45 pm to 10 pm! And this isn't the first time this has happened..
I am pregnant and have been fulfilling baby registry orders for a little over a month now. I have recently spent a lot of time on the app, but recently the orders list has changed and I have nothing else to describe, but I hate it! It used to be categorized by arrival day and now I have no idea how it is organized it only lists one item at a time and I have to scroll through every single item in order to see what has yet to be delivered..
Images on lighting deals disappears when scrolling down. Contacted customer service and instructed me to clear cache for the Amazon Shopping app. Tried it and it did not work for me. So if your having this issue try it. Hope it helps some folks. Settings- Apps- Amazon Shopping- storage- clear cache. Reload app. Good luck!.
Been using it for about 5 years. Wish you added a button that confirms the delivery of the products that don't come straight from you guys. Like, when you click on my orders and you have all the options, just add a got it button to notify you guys that i got the item, i still have some Christmas lights i had for 2 years now saying that they're arriving by November 28th🤭 food for thought 😁 Also it would be cool that when searching for something ex cotton t-shirt, to only get cotton fabric.
As if the filter and review components weren't bad enough, the latest update has broken the cart too. Adding and removing products doesn't update the cart instantly, and the product count inside the cart icon is also wrong. And stop merging reviews of one product with another - it skews the impression of the product and makes those reviews pointless..
I was excited about Amazon because I heard alot about it from Americans Untill I made an account and started using it I noticed that the site is very slow so I said maybe the app will better No! It was not I was really disappointed by the app It is very slow and gets blocked alot and I don't get recommendations about items I would like to buy based on the items that I liked like most apps which I think is horrible not to mention the huge amount of products not being shipped to my address..
MAJOR SECURITY FLAW! If you forget to jump through the hoops to sign out and just close the app, you're still signed in the next time you open it. Imagine losing your phone meanwhile!? An app like this that stores all kinds of sensitive info including credit cards, SHOULD AUTOMATICALLY SIGN YOU OUT WHEN THE APP IS CLOSED! Just like a bank app! Unbelievable!.
I have had and used this app for a long time, but this last update will not allow the app to be opened and keeps force closing it. I have uninstalled and then reinstalled...nothing. Ive also restarted my phone....still nothing. What can i do? Its very helpful to have the app. Otherwise would be a 5 star! Update: problem was fixed..
Everything works perfectly but logging in was such a hassle. I would be prompted to approve a notification sent to me via text but every time I did that it would close the Amazon app, putting me back to step one. Had to manually type in the link on my pc browser and accept it there..
Getting more and more frustrated with the app. It's getting as bad as the eBay app. Today's annoyance, where is the share link button?????? Had to add to basket click back to the page and the share link reappeared. FFS just add a big button that's says share link!! Amazon really need to learn some gui basics..
The app now displays items so large that I have to scroll four directions to see all the info just on one item. I tried chatting with Amazon customer service, but they were of NO help. They had me dump app cache and uninstall and reinstall, none of which fixed the issue. I will not be using this app until fixed..
Why would you screw an app up so bad and risk losing business? The update is so irritating, I'm sure I'm not alone in not even wanting to waste my time shopping with Amazon anymore, besides my regular subscribe and save. I now have to scroll to right and left to see results on a page like it's 1997, wasting time. The app needs to be fixed ASAP! There are numerous complaints about the downgrade. Hopefully this is fixed soon!.
Despite the almost infinite supply of available books, pet supplies, household goods, clothes, personal care items, & stuff just for fun, There is no river or river water anywhere on this app. Pls get this off my phone, for my own good! U can choose this app or a balanced budget. Not both! Srsly they have everything!.
So I've been trying to log in from a new phone with this app. For the longest time it told me I had the wrong password. Then my husband changed the password on his app. I can get in through the internet link just fine and sign in but with this app it sends me a link to my phone number saying to approve the login and then nothing happens. Please fix this issue. My new phone is a google pixel 5..
I cannot get my Amazon app to work. It will not load completely where I can shop around. The window will appear, but nothing appears for me to click on. I have uninstalled and reinstalled the app, no update available, and I have restarted my phone three times. Still not working..
The grocery shopping experience in this app is about as bad as it can possibly be. The Fresh and Whole Foods sections of the app itself are super unstable and glitchy. The shopping experience is a waste of time - if you want a frustration-free grocery shopping experience, use Instacart. I can't even list all the things that are broken in this service bc of the character limitations for Google reviews. For everything else, Amazon is pretty good..
The app once fit the phone great but for some reason you have to press next screen to continue looking for items and now you have to swipe right to get next page... and some items like a search for sunglasses it is so out of screen in order to see one pair you have to swipe up down side to side ... not working very well.
This is ridiculous, whenever I approve my email the Amazon app automatically closes itself in the background I mean I don't see it running in the background whenever the email is approved it automatically stops running.each time this happens I would have to restart the whole process again and it still continues to stop running. The previous version was much more better than this I'm sure I'm not the only one facing this problem..
Something has gone wrong. Before November I was able to look at items for sale but now the app has gone....strange, I can't view any images. I uninstalled and reinstalled but its still the problem persits. Insted of an organised app its very html based..
I've been using Amazon for years, this recent version is terrible. Searching and filtering is difficult, you have to endlessly scroll, the photos are much smaller than they used to be. Please fix it..
I have never tried this app before, it kept say that I already had an account with amazon but then after talking to my daughter she reminded me that I ordered something off amazon about 3 yrs.ago .lol😂 and of course I forgot my password but this app made it so easy for me to retrieve my old password and create a new stronger password .Thank You Amazon..You are Amazing!!.
Love Amazon, the new blue colour is better. Not always easy to know where to find menu stuff though as there's so much stuff it isn't always easy to get where you want to go in the account menus for example..
Images dissapear when scrolling. Always closes when opened and then have to reopen to use. Tried to download from amazon appstore to see if this would work any better but although it downloaded it then told me that it is no longer compatible with my android and sent me to the website!!! Pay far too much for a prime service to have such an unsatisfactory prime app!.
When I scroll down the page when viewing products the thumbnails randomly disappear and it's making it impossible to look at products. It's putting off buying at the moment and there are sales going on ☹️. I'm using a pixel 3 XL, android 11, Amazon app Version 20.22.0.100.
Of course Amazon's app is pretty amazing algorithm wise.There is a lot of room for upgrade regarding your user interface. Bring some round edges and more gradient to your app. And at last make a version for Greece's market as well. Thanks for reading.
It is currently impossibile to browse the deals: while scrolling every other touch will make the images disappear from the page. No-one will browse for more than a few seconds without images. It has been like this for a few weeks now. Android, Samsung Note 8..
The app is not adapted to tablet, like a lot of other online shopping apps, it does have another separated app for tablet though. It's such a hasle, and visually it is not appealing. The functionalities are there so it gets the job done, but you need to think about the customer's experience more..
Ads stretch the page, have to scroll left and right, up and down, can't select more than one filter without having to find the button again and again, then it zooms in, and I can only see 1/4 of one item in the list at a time. Unusable..
Nice app for shopping but at checkout, if I want to choose another shipping address, I cannot: there is a button only for the 1st address shown but no button for the other addresses. At the end, I had to checkout on desktop website. Please fix this and I'll gladly change my review..
After the last update when clicking on thumbnail to view product the only result is a spinning "hour glass" no image. "Clear cache" how about fix your damn app! If we are forced to use your app in order to use the Amazon service, at least offer an app that is actually useful. Samsung galaxy s20+5g.
Worst app I have ever used. Everytime I try to add or remove item from my cart it refuses to do it, took me an hour to change my address, if I could rate this a -20 stars I would. Removed all my Credit card info and will be deleting the app after this is posted. Will NEVER use this app again. Complete trash.
The app service is good but at times the delivery gets missed even for prime customers which is dissaapointing, recently during sale period the app continuously stops showing the product and an image of a horse with the message " Uh-oh, something went wrong on our end" keeps popping up which is annoying..
So upset! I am ALWAYS on Amazon and for some reason its all jacked up. When I search for items everything is so zoomed in that I have to scroll from side to side and its terrible. I probably get on Amazon Daily and I cant stand how it is now so I havent. Please get this fixed..
Absolutely love this app. Does everything it should, the reviews are so very useful, Amazon are fantastic at sorting out any problems. You are always kept up to date with your orders and suitable suggestions based on your wishlist. I just love it..
This new layout on Android sucks. The search fesults are too big for the screen. Scrolling left to right just to see items is so annoyibg. I wound up purchasing elsewhere because I don't have the time or patience for it..
Right when I'm going to check out, the stuff on the app starts to look like I'm buying stuff on a mobile browser and will not let me select "place order" I see loading screens and faded buttons, I go back and start over and I get stuck again, this app is completely useless..
Someone on the development/UX team must be playing a big prank or something because this app has become a total joke with the new grid layout and resulting horizontal scrolling. The app has been complete junk since updating. Amazon's app team can and should be doing WAY better than to release something so atrocious!.
Someone needs to be held responsible. I requested for 1 of my accounts to be closed. The wrong account was closed. I had the worst customer service experience in the history of my life. Amazon app says there's no such email on file, customer rep said she could see it there but could NOT explain how the account I requested to be closed, is now showing as my existing account, also having the purchase history of my MAIN account. SMH. Amazon... I am ashamed. How the mighty fell...!.
The latest update caused everything to be extremely zoomed in to the point where you can't even see the things on the other side of the page. It's extremely annoying and makes it take so long to navigate through just one page of items. Go back to the old display.
Can not sign into the app. When I receive the sign in text it will let me approve but then close the app. I then have to try and sign in again, email, password, security code, then another text, link in text closes app, repeat..
I love Amazon the web designer who made this was really good and thorough they thought of everybody's problems before you could bring it up at least that's the way that I feel.Amazon customer services complete tops I mean professionalism courtesy understanding it's all there I am very happy with the website with the app it works really smooth I never have any problems it's constantly updated good job and keep up the great work and I shall continue to shop stay safe God bless you all ..
I am unable to clear the search area for some items...I have cleared cache and data and re-installed...I have cleared browsing history as well as changed accounts...can you help it is very annoying...it is stuck on certain items in search..otherwise a good app.
Having issues when I go to my cart. The app won't let me scroll down through my list of saved for later. It forces me back to the top of the page so I can't see everything I saved for later or recommended..
Mobile app sizing is always too big. The results screen is so wide that I have to scroll to the side to select "next page" and images are too large to see all at once. It should really be adaptive to various screen sizes..
I no longer have my info stored into the app and when I try to add my card it says there is a problem so it doesn't look like I'll be shopping Amazon anymore. Shouldn't fix what's not broken...cuz now you gotta fix it. Losing customers in the long run..
The previous version, i get the "something went wrong" once in a while, this new version the app is no longer working, something really went wrong, prime member about to expire, no longer need to renew..
A really good alternative to shopping on Amazon via a mobile browser. You can easily search, purchase, review, etc. One feature I wish was available in the app is the ability to print invoices..
I took a long time to start using the app, because I've been using Amazon forever. Maybe even before Amazon was such a big deal.. I like the app better than the desktop version now. Easy to use..
The app keeps starting itself up and running in the background. There is no way to stop it. The only other app I had that did this was Facebook of which I uninstalled for this reason. What makes you think your app is so important that it must always be running?.
Majority of the time when searching for something I get the "Oops something went wrong on our end" message. Very frustrating because it initially loads for a second then the message appears even tho I just saw the product.
Unreliable operation. The app works... sometimes. I've adjusted brightness settings and functions according to the solution provided online. "Oops something went wrong". On the cusp of an installation..
The "Deliver to" location is always changing to some random zip code. It won't stay on my normal delivery address. This doesn't seem to be an app-specific issue because it happens in browsers as well. Support didn't have an answer other than, "sorry.".
Worse app user experience ever. 2nd review and it still failed the user review. Forget password doesn't work with the security AI detection system as the pic or sound asked to input is correct but keep prompting it's incorrect. It's a human failure 🤣 rather that cannot reset only AI can get that correctly..
Why doesnt it sync up with my activities on amazon via browser or other device? Have a heap of friends lists and others on browser but on the app it only seems to store what i do on the app??? How can i transfer my info from browser to the app? I want to give the app a go because it looks simpler than the website but im not going to manually go through and create all my lists and friends lists again..
I love this app so much, it makes shopping much easier and I love the all the features in it. The only thing I dislike is that it only allows 50 things in the shopping cart. I usually just go to this app and add things to my cart and wouldn't let me add more than 50. I love this so much!!!!.
I have used this app quite often without complaint but recently the pictures of items in a list keep disappearing then reappearing as I scroll up or down. Is this a recent problem? It's very frustrating and needs to be fixed..
In order to log into the app you have to go to your email and approve the log in but when you change over to your inbox (without closing the app), the app will refresh and restarts the whole process, making it, quite literally, impossible to log in..
The customer service chat keeps disappearing making it impossible to solve a problem. They keep jumping from staff member to the other. The orders don't show everything as in the website and there are items included by default in the checkout that you end up paying for without knowing. Dirty, very dirty..
You would think with Bezos being the richest person in the world he could actually build a useful app but I digress. My biggest gripes are with lists. I can't view any of my friends or families lists in the app, which is beyond frustrating. I have to email or text myself the link to access. Secondly, I can't add the same product to multiple lists. What if two people in my family want the same thing? No way to add it to both of their lists. Please fix this glaring problem..
Asks me to sign in 5 times, signs me out, sending me more and more junk mail, then finally asking me to read some blurred message as a " security measure". Also now that I'm using it it doesn't sort by lowest price, tried refreshing a few times and no luck. Just useless.
Needs a hide feature to hide products that are garbage and don't have even fit what you searched for, for results you don't want to see. Almost like a block list for social media. Ease of access to it would be nice. This can help condense the results page into an easy scroll list..
Can't see the pics of the products. It's like everything I search for it's zoomed in so much that I can't tell what or is. I can't zoom out or find a setting for anything related to how big the pictures are..
I absolutely love Amazon!! Everything I have order has been free shipping and come within 2 day!! I have only had to return one item because my son no longer needed it. That experience was surprisingly easy also. I just took it to Kohl's and they packaged it and returned it free of charge. I highly recommend Amazon shopping to anyone who had never used it!!.
Not sure what the issues Amazon are having with this app. But I've experiencing a lot of issues, recently inc connection problems. So I uninstalled and then reinstalled this app and it seems to have helped..
What's happened to this app?? Just won't work now in Isle of Man since last update on 2nd November. Please fix. Its prepopulating my address and won't deliver anyth to Isle of Man now? We're in a lockdown people, Xmas shopping to be done. eBay is absolutely fine so why not you... Disappointed..
Anytime I try to log in to my account it sends me an email to approve or deny then it kicks me over to the web and shuts the app down. Then when it opens the web I'm still not logged in and can't get logged in. App is garbage..
After months of auto-disabling of this app on my phone and no ability to uninstall and reinstall since it came pre-loaded, the issue seems to be fixed just in time for holiday shopping..
I got hacked back in July and we had proof that the funds being spent from my account were by someone who had already been cloning my account and running off friends but just now the bank is telling me that 50% of the total amount stolen cannot be traced back to him so I have to come up with a large amount of cash at the end of this month and my husband refuses to help because he says I should stay from all social media yet he is on twitter as soon as he gets up until he goes to bed..
Why Won't Customer Review Videos Playback Using App? I get an error msg about 5s in, saying playback aborted due to browser features being unsupported 4 video in App? 2. WHY CAN'T I NAVIGATE THRU CUSTOMER IMAGES IN GALLERY? The thumbnails show, but NOW I HAVE TO CLICK EACH IMG TO VIEW IT, THEN EXIT OUT & REPEAT PROCESS 4 EVERY SINGLE PIC IN GALLERY. NEVER had to do this in past & its VERY TEDIOUS. If it's for TRACKING or + Pg CLICKS Counting its Pointless, MAKES APP UNUSABLE TO SHOP WITH. S10+.
Frustrating and a time waster. No point in having criteria to search if you load the results with sponsered ads which do not match search parameters. Also why would you limit the price setting criteria. $200 and above brings every laptop while below $200 is just as useless Get your act togther EBAY is looking really good lately.
Great idea to start Amazon, and the app is easy. It understands what you want, even if you aren't sure what it's called. I do all my shopping on Amazon. They've even helped me find two out of print books to complete the 10 hardback book set..
Bring back my dash buttons!! Or at least give us an option for one click buying again so that it bypasses the cart process. It takes way too long now to re-order something when it used to be super convenient!.
Love amazon shopping but it isnt with out its faults e.g. the sctolling problem where the images disapear and this new one ive found. Most interesting app bug ive seen to date the screen starts flashing black in seemingly random squares and other squares been normal..
Was excellent, then all went downhill quickly, lost my package, been a month, no refund, and if waa redunded i used my hard earned gift card balance that i couldnt access because i cannot login because i bought a new phone it kept verifying my logins ALL SUCCESFUL yet they locked my account because me the owner used the correct login information at EVERY SINGLE LOGIN !! I HAVE A 1 MONTH OLD I WORKED HARD TO EARN THE GIFT CARD FOR HER, THEN NOW ALL THIS HELP US GET OUR ITEMS AND ACCOUNT BACK.
App keeps crashing, my phone is not small but when I accidentally select similar items on the cart menu the app is slow and frequently crashes and I have to close and re-open the phone. It is an android phone. At least add a toggle for dark mode for all Android phones on main home settings screen..
"App" itself is just a wrapper around their mobile website... but somehow manages to even do that badly. Slow, clunky, and buttons don't respond half the time. About as terrible as you'd expect considering what a mess the website itself is..
Everything works great up until you try to upload photo of ebt card or medicaid insurance card to verify either one to recieve amazon prime at a discounted price. Every time you try to upload the picture it keeps saying amazon shopping app has stopped working. Please fix soon..
They changed the order page so now all orders only show "ordered on". Used to show processing, shipped, out for delivery, and delivered. Easy to keep track of open orders. Now you need to click on the order, then click view order details, then click track order. It's absurd. I can only use Amazon orders through desktop now..
What's happening? Now I cannot log in. I get the text message to approve my log ( I am on a new phone), I click on the link and phone takes me to the site but the app keeps asking me to keep accepting the login. Is it only me? Please help. Thanks.
The app is basically unusable. All pages show "uh oh something went wrong" with a picture of a dog on it. I basically have to use the Web browser to make orders etc..
DO NOT USE THE KIDS WISHLIST - IT WILL MAKE THE APP UNUSABLE FOREVER. Can't use this app anymore - software bug has me stuck in a verification loop. Tried uninstalling and re-installing but app just returns to the problem page. Looks like I can't use the app anymore..
Having similar problems to other reviewers. Could use an option to mark orders as received - rather than having eternal "on it's way" or "running late". Makes it hard to keep track of what's actually been delivered..
I used to use this app all the time. Convenient and easy to use. Now it won't open at all, despite being updated. Very frustrating, since it forces me to go to the web browser version in order to look at Amazon. PLEASE FIX THIS..
The app was working absolutely fine until recently not sure whats the issue but the pictures of the items just disappears while scrolling down. Which is really annoying as you don't know what you're looking at..
Over a year and app has never been able to update. App does not require external storage (even though there is 64GB of it) to update. Android 10. Please get Google to fix this..
Was absolutely fine then last few weeks been really slow and keeps reloading same page and takes ages to show pictures of items I search . Getting on my nerves now! Come on Amazon sort it out!!! 😡.
It's slower than a snail now speed it up! An update let's see if faster if it is I will give higher rating no still slow and glitzy CAN'T YOU GET AN EXPERT IN TO FIX IT? If you've fixed it I will give more stars Your search engine is total rubbish e.g. if you search for IEM'S over £500 you don't want any under say £490 but your stupid engine will show ones costing £5.99 etc., or if you search for SD cards 512GB your stupid engine will show all cards IT'S VERY ANNOYING DON'T DO IT!.
You order items in a single order and they get split into multiple deliveries. That's fine but then they split the charges across the deliveries and they never match the prices of the items. Delivery dates stated in app never match the dates in the e-mails. Online chat doesn't work and when it does you get routed abroad to people who violate the Consumer Rights Act/Customer Contract Regulations, data protection/GDPR. Won't give you chat transcripts anymore. Time to leave after sixteen years..
They kept locking down my account for no reason and I am tired of it. I don't recommend this app because the customer service people keep saying they will help, but never do. I keep submitting the information that I need to unlock my account, but it stays locked.
The ap doesn't allow for pictures to be sent in a chat session - the only way for amazon to truly understand a bad delivery is if we can send them a visual representation. Since there isn't email shown, the lack of ability to send a picture in a chat session is not customer service oriented.
Uh oh something went wrong. I get this message CONSTANTLY after only a few seconds of opening the app. Rog phone II running Android 10. UPDATE : Nov 2nd update = still the same issue. Cleared data, cache etc, uninstall nothing works even without signing in.
Deals pages (Lightning Deals, etc) frequently fail to load product images, or those that do load start to flash on and off as I scroll down. Have informed devs. In the meantime, 2 stars as this means I can only see ⅓ of products..
The app order list update sucks! Why do I now have to scroll past stuff that has been delivered to find stuff that hasn't? The old app things that had not been delivered was always at the top of your order list. This new update is terrible user interface setup..
Images disappear when scrolling lightning deals. Clearing cache and storage did not work, reinstall did not help neither. My reasoning for 3 stars, that is my main use of the application..
This app met my expectations so well and let me give you a few reasons why first of all it doesn't lag even on an Android second of all I can find anything from food to room decor it's amazing third of all it has fast shipping even if it's a bed it'll come in one to two days it's amazing I definitely recommend this app 100%, there's no defaults about it if you can name one default about it I'll give you a hundred bucks but I bet ya you can't so get this app you're really enjoy it:D!.
Recent updates have caused images to disappear when scrolling through deals/lightning deals sections. As you scroll further they then appear for a few more rows before disappearing again. It really makes for a horrible experience whilst browsing..
Used to be great, but as other users have mentioned, product images dissappear as you scroll down. You get images back briefly before it happens again. Probably only get to see a third of items. Utterly pointless using app..
Why does a shopping app automatically add Physical Activity tracking permission without asking first?? You might wanna check your app permissions and deny this. Creepy. Also the autoplay video in search results just makes me quit the app..
I can't put the app on my phone home page. No choice for dash button. Only button for add to list. I don't like this update at all. If it ain't broke DON'T FIX IT!!! ☹️.
Good stuff: Easy to use and navigate through. Usually has the best prices on items. Bad stuff: There are a lot of people scheming and scamming. Some people WILL sell their "antiques" (trash). Also I am× almost certain that the majority of the delivery people cannot read English. I have simple and specific instruactions for deliveries....."Leave on back porch." 1 in 5 will follow the instructions provided. The rest just do whatever is easiest..
When scrolling through tiled listings (lighting deals etc, which are in squares not rows) the images are not visible 50% of the time. It seems to be triggered by the scrolling action (not related to data connection).
I love how much easier it is to order the things we need and not use my gas or time to get what I need I don't have to remember my mask or even have to get dressed just mash have to mash a few buttons a month and I have what I need in almost a few days and it's at my house all I have to do is put them away and I am all done for the month.
The recent update keeps giving me the message "No network connection" every time I try to watch videos. The app was great before this update..
Amazon desktop is 5 stars all the way. Mobile phone is just lagging functions. It's harder to find the best deals prices. On my laptop when I search I notice items cheaper,but when I search with my Cellphone the price on same item is HIGHER PRICED. Go figure!! I've ordered from my cell and item are shipped slower,why it that?.
Excellent. I have ordered so much from Amazon Shopping, this app makes it so much easier. Quick access to all shopping categories. Prime is accepted on this app for priority delivery. Returns are easy. Definitely recommended.
This app locks up all the time. I can't delete stuff, it locks up it just stops. What is going on? I love using the app but i think it needs a serious upgrade!!!.
It is nearly impossible to shop using this app! As you scroll through the options the items disappear. So frustrating!! I'm deleting this app and sticking with the website. So disappointed..
My app its glitching badly. None of the photos are showing. Its not my Internet. I use this app daily and I cant today. Lightning deals aren't showing pics or loading properly. I dont think I'm the only one having problems today..
New update causes items in cart error. My items in cart went disappear after update, but when I add items back it shows duplicate each item. My cart bounced back and forward when try to delete or add item. Fix soon..
Changing payment method during checkout doesn't work. I see never ending loading spinner and nothing really happens. Developers, you need to test this more. Checkout is the critical function..
Love the app, use it daily. However, I am only giving it 4 stars because I pay $119.00 plus tax per year for prime. I should not be seeing 3rd party advertisements in my home feed..
The app seems fine overall except there is no back arrow. If I'm looking at an item i cant go back to my search results. I literally have to start over every time. Very annoying!.
It's a terrible app. I'm sorry but if it wasn't for fast shipping, it'd be completely useless. The user experience on all the apps and platforms are really appalling. You'd expect less bugs from a small app no one has heard of, but amazon's IT team is bigger than most companies and no one blinks an eye. I'm amazed mostly, but also just sick of it.
Pictures are too close, can't zoom out, used to be able to see more than 1 item at a time, now have to keep scrolling left to right in order to see other items, very annoying..
Hate hate hate this damn app!!! Anytime I want to add a comment, quantity, etc for a specific item, or even delete an item it freezes and I have to close the app all the way.....it gets old doing this over, and over, and over again!!.
I have great results using Amazon. I wasn't sure about using Amazon in the beginning, but found out it was easy. I love using it now. You do have to know what your products runs in cost so you don't get overcharged by someone. I do love being a Prime Member, wouldn't have it any other way..
Disappointed in Amazon. My package said it was running late, Which is fine. I wait till the day it says and they tell me it's lost. Decided to unsubscribe and Uninstall! Using my local stores for now one. Thanks Amazon. P.s. This isn't the first time this has happend, Otherwise It wouldn't have bothered me that much..
Search filters were recently updated and they have removed the option to filter by' subscribe and save'. App prompts you to add more items to qualify for bigger discounts then gives no way to find those items as the option has been removed..
Freezes shortly after opening to be used. Never successfully launches when clicking an Amazon listing. And will attempt (and fail) to launch whenever I happen to brush a sidebar add for a product..
Every Time I try and move something from one list to another I have to close and re open the app for every item im trying to move, unbelievably annoying. Other than that it works fine.
I can't stand that the results can't be seen in list view anymore. Deleted this app after having it for several years. There's not a way to change that setting either..
I'm trying to search for filters that go inside the mask so I search for the certain size I was looking for in filtersand the automatically assume I meant tools and home and there's no way to change it. There are no mask filters in tool and home.
Unlike the website version, the Amazon app doesn't allow to search within reviews. I miss this function because there are often hundreds or thousands of reviews for a product, and I use it to search for specific keywords..
All of a sudden it's buggy as hell. Product images go missing when scrolling, configurable products take ages to select options and then the options selected aren't even correct. Used to be pretty flawless..
This app doesn't allow you to log into your existing account. You can receive a text message to authorise the login and once you approve, it malfunctions bad automatically closes the app and doesn't allow you to login. Very frustrating.
Great Shopping App. Literally has anything and everything you'll ever need. I have prime and the one-day next delivery (on certain items) is useful for emergency gift buying..
I'm now suddenly getting notifications about deals even though I didn't opt into any of this stuff. In addition I can't find where I can turn the stuff off or even if I can turn it off. I've checked my Amazon account settings and I don't see a way I can opt out any of this stuff. there doesn't appear to be any notification categories either within the application for me to turn off this is incredibly annoying..
Not even bothered to fix this issue I guess 2 * was too generous Major bug on the black Friday listing As you scrolling down images disappearing and appearing wrong time . I am sure this not how to behave..
Used to be good but now all results are huge (ie the images are massive) so you can't actually see them just a fraction of them..
For some reason, this last update is making my app display as if it was the website, which makes it extremely difficult to scroll. Can someone please fix this?.
What's wrong with the app?!? The images keep despairing when you scroll up and down... And it is not my Internet connection thank u very much! Surely you can develop something that doesn't have glitches... C'mon....
Searching and filtering have gotten much less convenient over time. Harder to find what I need. Edit: getting still worse. There are no filters available at all on some clothing searches..
Amazon pantry finished, Amazon fresh or Morrison shopping available, but Amazon prime now app better for shopping trips. Voice shopping no good so just type it in. Things like Dvd recorder remote controls, greeting cards etc good..
This is app makes my life so easy especially during lockdown when we could go out the thanks to the creators of the app also to all of you giving lo ratings what is wrong with you I have had this app around a year and a half never had on problems.
App works great... Until I want to see a bigger version of an image. When I press the image, it will never load; only get the loading circle. I've had this issue for many months..
Nothing wrong with the app but the amount of knock-offs that you get while searching is reminding me of ebay. You're going to have to do your own research outside of amazon as even the reviews tend to be skewed when some get free items in return for good review..
If you buy from Amazon, then I think this app is a must. Easy to use and navigate, to find and purchase what you need/want. I've also never run into any stability issues, so that's another big plus..
The app won't allow me to sign in. I click sign in, enter my email and click to continue, and immediately get taken to a password assistance screen. I know my password. I don't need password assistance. But the app won't let me enter my password..
The screen is so zoomed in I cant see anything. And there is no way to fix it on my end. Its not a setting I have chosen. This ia the only app on my phone with this issue. 😟.
Love, Love, Love Amazon Shopping App. Im always finding AMAZING deals, coupons, discounts. They are a wonderful company to shop through!! You can find anything with Amazon!!! Fast and Free shipping if you are a Prime member!!!.
Love it! Easy to shop and have groceries and other items delivered!!! It's the best! Amazon Prime is worth $10 per month for sure..
The result of the search is not deployed in a list like always. With the latest version, when I found an item, the result is visualized with icons bigger than my screen.
I dropped a star because of the bad search function and the filters could use a few updates. Amazon prime is a ridiculously good deal though, and the app is fast, I'd do 4.5 stars if it was an option, very minor issues..
Tired of their horrible search parameters. Went through 10 pages not seeing what I searched for. Go to their website with the same search terms, and they're all on the first page. Such a joke..
It's a good app except it keeps closing. It constantly shuts down even after uninstalling and reinstalling it. I wish they would fix that..
It won't let me login to my account even after getting sent the email to approve the sign in on my phone. The website however lets me sign in but I don't like using it cause it's slower on my phone so this bug needs fixed..
I truly love Amazon itself but the app is not even opening up. It needs to be updated at this point. We shop there for convenience and this app is becoming less than convenient. On the brighter side your delivery men and woman are doing a much better job at delivering packages..
What's there not to love about Amazon! I only wish the checkout feature was better on my One Plus 6. If I have lots of items in shopping cart but only ready to check out 1 item I have to manually select save for later for all the other items. I end up having to go on my laptop (if available) click deselect all for the items in the shopping cart, then select the one(s) I want. This needs to be updated on the app version because not all items have a buy it now button, especially if it's used.
Got some major bugs with the last update. We need some bug fixes guys. Like fixing the items from disapearing when scrolling on the deals page. Wont buy what I cant see..
Shopping whole foods is impossible because it keeps resetting to all departments. There's an annoying video about the Borat movie that keeps playing in a loop on the home page of the Amazon shopping app. I keep seeing my activity even though i turned off my browsing history..
Terrible. If it doesn't freeze then images can't be opened or "not available". With all your billions can't you employ someone who knows how to encode an app properly? The ebay app is near perfect. Take a tip. Clone the ebay app..
I have used this for years and loved it but this last update force closes it seconds after I open it. Has been happening for few days now. Please fix soon..
Can't sign into the app, when I try to verify my device it exits the app and opens chrome where I then confirm, when I open the app again I have to go through the same process in an endless loop, please fix.. Using a pixel 5.
Just one concern... It would be great if the app says as well if we already left a review to the product. Instead of clicking it first and choose "write review" and then just finding that you already did. That's all. Overall its very good app..
When I'm scrolling to view any of the products on lightening deal it's a blank screen so I have to click to view whatever it is. I get notifications for roll filaments everytime they're on a deal I don't care nor do I want to buy a roll of plastic. Would it not make more sense to send me deals I've bought in the past. The app is so sloppy it's not good at all. It's more of an inconvenience if anything! The app should be an easier experience then using google but it's really not!! Thumbs down....
I remember back when below an item there used to be a row of items that were similar to what you were looking at. Now there are 4 or 5 rows throughout the description and they are all sponsored or made by Amazon. I feel they are pushing certain items or brands instead of letting us see all our options. It's frustrating. And I'm not liking the new filters (when they wodk), and it doesn't tell you how many items are in the result list anymore. Not user friendly at all..
Love the app but can't for the life of me find where to search for someone's wish list which makes the whole point of creating a wish list pretty pointless..
Yesterday evening I purchased from the Amazon app, but surprised to find the same product costing much less while surfing the Amazon website at night in the desktop pc. Despite having a Prime account, dont know why this happened..
What's going on???!! Why in the heck are the pictures for items too large when you search for an item??!!! It never used to be like this, so why is it doing this all of a sudden??!!!!.
Hard to set up. Trying to change address to my new one and won't let me delete the old one. Hit the link sent to access my account and talk to customer service and page says unavailable. If it continues I won't bother with Amazon and will go elsewhere..
The new design has managed to make it totally unintuitive, why change it. You're just moving things around into more awkward locations, eg the filter options. Awful, please revert back!.
App is fantastic , but it now has a back to top button , which is very distracting when browsing .Does not help that is a black button on a white background ..
Everytime I try to log in to my account, I have to verify it, which then takes me back to the page to log in. Could have given it 0 stars since I cant use the app.
Amazon is great,makes it really easy to browse and get a good deal. Though sometimes I find that the suggestions dont match what is searched for. Like it's not even close. Overall though this app is great..
Login nightmare, unresponsive, consistently reloads product pages, navigation is ridiculous, nothing is easy or fast, nothing is indicated to users when it's loading, constantly crashes, search engine blows chunks and not even the chunks you asked for. I have a laundry list of improvements to suggest. The website is very much the same. Slow, not much user friendly to find it's just not a good flow. Always login issues 2 step BS every time in every app. OMG break your phone frustration!.
Up to today i was enjoying this app. Now im getting some bogus message saying that usps tried to deliver my package this morning and ran into an issue? I was here awake with all the lights on when they supposedly tried to deliver. If i dont get my package, I'm canceling prime, and deleting this app. I will not be robbed without doing something about it either..
As a prime customer and a worker at amazon this app makes shopping online on the go a piece of cake. It's very easy to use and navigate through..
Seriously buggy recently, app doesn't open properly when opened by a web link and when using the app and scrolling in lightning deals for example the pictures all disappear and reappear at random as you scroll.
Really getting fed up, app crashes constantly after a few seconds and cannot actually use it. I don't know what they did but they need to undo it!!!.
I don't wish for notifications or commercials to interupt my scanning for other things on my phone. Interupting my scripture reading at 5 in the morning. I shut off all notifications but it was ignored. That is an app that doesnt respect me..
AMAZON PRIME is a waste of space cant watch ANYTHING on any of my devices no matter which browser I use error 7218 tried looking for help but nothing works I just find more an more people with the same problem also there is NO decent films to watch or tv programme's if its something you want to watch and you search for it, it will always be for sale or rent and not part of prime, biggest con ever.....FUMING.
Horrible It keeps crashing every time I try to place my order. I've tried this more than 10 times already and it's happened on multiple purchases. It is completely unreliable.
I can't add reviews/photos, I've tried rebooting my phone but still it asks me to tick the boxes to allow permission or access to my photos and the permission settings is just flickering at the bottom, not letting me do anything..
Can't sign in on my Pixel 5. After I click the approve button sent through SMS, the app history magically dissapears and I have to open the app and start the sign in process from scratch..
Constantly got to update to enlarge view otherwise just spins out of control. Always have to back out on order searches as hangs up. I thought new phone be better and its not..
I click to accept new device in text and it takes me to the site, when I go back to the app I have to start again. So I can't use the app..
Horrible Login Jessica Element is right. The login is horrible. But I sent i forwarded the link to my wife so it wouldn't closet my app. Then it worked. Horrible system..
When I try to sign in it send a verification text to my phone, after I verify it justs goes back to the sign in screen. So really I can't even even use this app right now..
I HATE that you have to scroll horizontally to see the page. Why can't it all be on one- phone size page since this is a phone app. I've updated, cleared cache, removed and downloaded again.
Maybe it's just on my Sony phone but the App is full of bugs..needs work...especially when editing Wish Lists...seems to just stop responding and freezes up...even worse after the last update...🤯.
My experience here is usually good but all day today, it wont let me search on anthing. So frustating. I was trying to look for Oregon Duck products. It wont let me. Why does Amazon continue blocking me? Dang they were working yesterday and Now Im blocked again. Why? Are they emailing me and telling me this? Im getting sick of this. I need to start ordering things for Christmas..
Like others, when scrolling long sections of items, images disappear. This has started since moving to Android 11, pixel 5 for me. Issue reported using the developer feedback email and a screen capture recorded..
Updated phone, Can't even log in through app, sends me activation code via SMS. When I then click on sms, Amazon closes itself down then I have to restart the process..
No longer works on Pixel 3's. I did the update and now this app along with one other no longer works. It keeps rerouting me through log-in and verify repeatedly..
Very buggy when scrolling through products. Images disappear while scrolling and reappear for a second before disappearing again. I have an Android and my girlfriend's iphone has the same problem. Very annoying.
I used to love this app. Ever since the update it forces me to keep putting in my sign in information every time I open the app. This is really annoying. Please fix..
When scrolling up and down the image of items disappears . Specifically on the lightning deals . I uninstall it and reinstalled problem is still there ..
Only problem is a lack of a dark mode. If it had that in addition to system light/dark sync, it would be perfect..
The app is okay, but as Amazon doesn't leave anywhere to complain about their shortcomings directly, here we are. The biggest issue with them these days, though? That would be the fact they're still pushing Amazon Prime despite UPS's new "it gets there when it gets there, regardless of what you pay for" mentality. It makes Prime worthless for the "shipping perk". And being that NOBODY I know streams Prime Video, that part is pointless too... Gotta fix their membership so it's useful again..
Verify yr order banner keeps appearing on the application and online but cant resolve the issue, coupon loaded if money problem but cant allocate it to the verify order, which ever one that is?? Deleted subscription resolved the issue!.
Cannot exit kids list, keeps asking to create user name and password, I don't want to! I've unistalled and reinstalled but to no avail. Renders the app useless..
It was great. Now the screen size is too large and have to move the screen around. Just to find the next page button. Makes for searching a total waste of time..
App doesn't let me sign into my account. Get an error message saying internet connection has failed despite having perfect wifi connection. Extremely frustrating..
The worst filter I've ever used. Not intuitive at all. Clunky, primative and not user friendly. Because of this, Amazon is no longer my go to store. Very disappointed..
Search results are now far too zoomed in and have to scroll side to side. Horrible for any type of browsing. Almost unusable..
I love that I can find literally anything on this app! The prices are amazing and I never have any usage problems. Its definitely one of my favorites!.
Big back to top button sitting middle top of screen obscuring info. Why? Get rid of it. Messy too much promoting of other products which is painful on a small screen and wee info seems to dominate some pages but doesn"t on website..
I've never had a problem with anything I've purchased, item description is accurate, payment is simple, love Amazon prime, shipping is pretty quick. Love the app!!.
I love Amazon am no prime member coz I don't know if it's gonna cost cash but it's very good shipping could Take a few days or so I'd totally recommend I haven't experienced the "image not loading" problem 4 stars coz I wish we could reply to peoples reviews in the app and also how do I put on dark mode like everybody's saying?.
I absolutely love this app, its brilliant, theres nothing you cant buy of Amazon, it's also fair prices, and the products are always on time, the delivery drivers are always polite and friendly..
App is bugged out.. needs work. Literally can't use it have to use the website instead the pictures keep all disappearing on the app as I scroll.. waste of time when I am trying to shop. Not good.
I can't add a payment method and each time I come to Amazon they tell me to get the new version. When I try to, it shows that Amazon doesn't need to update..
This app was great, but now it's almost unusable, when scrolling through lists or deal lists the photos dissappear and reappear when scrolling..
Why can't I choose to search any category. I want an ep called "plug in plug out," and apparently I'm not allowed to select anything but hardware. I don't want hardware..
Its difficult. I chose three items for free delivery. They all were in that category, but when I checked out I was charged postage £4.95 thats not right. When I try and add to my subscibe and save it won't link through, it just keeps saying there's a problem.
This is a number one app I've never had a problem and if I need to return something it is so easy they break their neck trying to get to you . Thank you so much Amazon shopping carry on..
Mostly great but when you have an Age Restricted Delivery the notice for that takes up nearly half of the Here tracking map. Could be better laid out..
Should be convenient but every time I ask it to notify me for when a new product goes on sale, I miss out. It didn't notify me about the Ps5, game n watch, or Series X. Thanks amazon......
More hindrance than useful, when I find something on the Internet, it tries and fails at opening it in the app..
They've taken away some of the search filters. So it's no longer possible to select a Blu-ray/DVD filter. My guess is they've done this to push digital sales..
'See more' photos not working. When you click on see more photos on the reviews, it just goes back up to the top where the item is displayed..
The only reason I have an Amazon account at all any more is for Kindle and Music. I spent the last 9 hours waiting for a package that still says it will be delivered today before 9PM, even though it's after 9 and my order never even left the facility. Add that to the heinous partisan politics by the owner and I have no use for this company at all..
This app has become unstable and crashes every click showing a picture of a dog saying " something went wrong on our end". Even after re installation. I'm ticked I've been a long faithful customer..
The UI doesn't display correctly anymore. I have issues with every single Amazon app on every single device I own from smartphones to computers. The incompetence of their development team is astounding..
Cant adjust screen view size. Images are too big to view and shop. Cant go to next page of search results. Id like the old version back.
You know, it'd be nice to see the items we actually bought inside the emails that you send, instead of making us open up your app to SEE the items. The emails are pretty useless in my opinion 🤷‍♀️.
Ridiculous amount of permissions. You don't need to know my location, my contacts, use my camera, know my phone number and listen using my microphone..
Got there cc card, contacted them in feb, that I did not want a prime membership, still fighting to get prime cancled, 3 contacts in march, 2 in april, 2 in may, every month since, still are reviewing there descion. Buy from wal mart discount stores better deals easier returns and way better service.
Great app order all the time.. it is a life saver during this pandemic, ( watch out for other apps that use this awful time to steal from you.).
Love this app, recognises when I'm searching for Amazon and opens automatically. Remembers who I am so I can navigate shop and complete my transactions quickly without fuss. No issues so far 😁.
Crashing everytime I click on it to even open it and it doesn't even open for a single second I don't know what's up but I buy from Amazon all the time so this is really annoying.
Amazon stole endless money from me for an account that was deleted with my card number! I was charged monthly for a subscription I didnt even have. I had to get a new bank card just so they could stop. Amazon kept saying they cant track the account or none of that. And my bank said all charges were from Amazon. Amazon never fixed this problem that persisted for 5 months. I definitely will not be using Amazon like I used to. No subscriptions for me. No thanks thieves..
For Android, you can't view and/or change the product format. For example, I can't change a book purchase from a hardback to paperback..
I think I'd be lost without you,Amazon Shopping. I use this app for all of my shopping needs. It practically does the shopping for me. Just tell Alexa what you want and she'll get it for you..
Why are search results now in pages and not continuous like they were before? Advertising I presume? Trying to sell your preferred lines? Used to just keep scrolling down and down and now I have to keep changing pages.. Terrible. Oh, and when I asked for help in the app I was lied to and was told that the App hadn't changed but to delete and reinstall the app and this would fix it (the non changed app that didn't need fixing I presume). Since it's such a pain now I've sort of stopped using it...
Constantly freezes. Am I the only one who has it constantly freezes and laggy? It's very hard to use a app that has issues and freezes.
Very very dangerous having this app on my phone because it is far too easy to order things and have them this easily delivered to my door. Not always the cheapest but if you need virtually anything, this is where it is..
It used to be great but now I can't edit my lists without it being incredibly slow or giving me errors..
It delivers things fast and in good condition. Not only that but also compensates quickly if something happened. It also has good deals and recommend things based on what you bought..
I am amazed about how Amazon is now taking pictures of your package at your house safely delivered!!! that is just amazing!! I love it... great idea, and it makes me respect the experience you are very trusted in my book!.
Whatever you need, they got it, usually at a better price and free shipping& returns with prime membership, which also gets you prime tv shows!.
Only complaint is that all external links open in Chrome instead of the default browser. Only app i know that does this..
Yes app was great and now it hangs up. when you try to share an item it won't allow the share. The share icon does nothing.9.
Great app other than when I search for something it's zoomed in and there's no way to fix it, kinda annoying..
This had been a solid, well-functioning app for a long time, up until they did away with continuous scrolling and forced you have to turn pages, and sunk ads in between every other listing. Even then I'd been dealing with it, until recently. It's just not functional anymore. Filters don't work and the "move item to another list" option is completely defunct, it either causes the app to freeze and I have to force stop or just ignores the command altogether. Why did you ruin this app? Please fix!!.
Images disappear when scrolling deals. Used to work ok until recently. What's the point of deals if you can't see them?.
Update screwed it up. Now images don't fit on screen and I have to to scroll up/down/left/right to see products. Very frustrating!!!! Running on new S20.
After update hate using it hate how search results are displayed i know that they have what i want but with new layout does not display and i am not jumping through hoops to find it will buy elsewhere.
Insert an option to visualise a check✅ on the products that already have. Insert an option to remove the free stuff that already have. The app doesn't star if it's open from browsers....
When you scroll the images disappear on lightning deals etc. Tried the online chat, spoke to about 5 different reps about it, basically got no where. Not a very good shopping experience as you have to click on every description to see what the product is!.
The app is slow. When i "add to my cart" and it pops up with suggestions "you might also like", the done button doesn't work. Sometimes my back button will work, but often it causes the app to crash. Frustrating. And to view pictures i have to wait a while. But i use this app a LOT and I love Amazon. I do wish the app was faster and worked better..
Trying to set any other of the few paltry filters than Prime causes all filters to be cleared. The app gets worse with each update, may as well stick to the website....
I can no longer login to my account from the app. Login details are correct as I can login from my laptop with the same credentials but when I open the app it asks for login details which is followed by SMS verification where I need to click on a link to verify it's me. You'd think this will allow me to login but it doesn't and opening the app takes me back to login page again where I am prompted to go through the same process again which does not allow me to login to the app anyway. UNUSABLE!.
This app is no optimize for use with Samsung galaxy SECURE FOLDER , please security is now a serious business, Amazon app must be made compatible with secure folder, very important. Waiting for the next update to see this done .I'm use Samsung galaxy A50 updated to android 10..
This was fine until they removed the endless scrolling feature and blew up the product photos to the point where the entire thing is clunky and difficult to use..
Speedy delivery, totally worth the wait, and everything is delivered in perfect condition with supportive information to help with a smooth delivery. Absolutely perfect in my opinion!.
Keeps asking for sign in. Enter the ota code and says you may now close window. Go to app and asks to sign in again. Shame. Used to love this app. Using web based version from now on. Android 11.
Since about three weeks ago the App no longer works. Just get, "uh oh, something's gone wrong" when trying to search for anything. Same with my wife, same with my friends. I don't even think Amazon realise this is a problem. Must be costing them a fortune on lost sales, even if it's impacting a small portion of their customers..
When I keep on trying to add stuff in my cart it doesn't actually adds it, and last year on Halloween I ordered a purge dress and it didnt came at all >:( wasted 20 dollars on that dress, anyways, its glitching a lot and yeah, I might as well undownload it.
Can't make purchases anymore, kinda defeats the purpose of this app. In cart, when I change payment method, it just stalls. All I get is the spinning circle.
Utterly useless. Constant security checks that take me so long to get into the app each time that I give up and go to E Bay!!! Fix this Amazon!!!.
Images of products disappear when scrolling (more with early black Friday deals than others) which makes the app unusable. Disappointing as it used to work well.
I use this app alot and it has a great view of options i usually get denied to buy things cuz im only twelve and i dont have a credit card but its still fun to look at the things i want!.
Unable to sign in. Sends a link to my SMS, I click approve, and it sends me back to the sign in screen to do it all over again..
The WORST. When opening an Amazon link from a Google search, the app automatically opens. Sometimes the app is "clear" and only the top bar is visible, but the app isn't. When it does open, I get stuck in a loop trying to sign in, entering my username and password, sends me an sms to confirm it's me, I agree, and I'm not signed it. Completely useless. You'd think a company as big as Amazon would have an app that works...
Really weird interface. Hard to use. Just trying to order groceries and it's so complicated..
Laggy with disappearing images. Whenever you scroll through deals or recommendations, the images completely vanish. But pointless!.
I have no idea who had the idea to show items side by side, but please, tell them it was a HORRIBLE idea. I can't see things and hate scrolling left to right just to try and look at the items and the price. I've searched Google and the app high and low to see if I could change the view setting, but nope, nothing. I LOVE this app. Well, used to. Now I'd rather drag myself out to a store where I can actually see things I want to or need to buy and search easier for them..
interface is fairly easy, works as it should. A bit of problems with shipping stuff to less known / not very populous cities.
App is terrible, slow loading like wow slow. I dnt know what the heck u guys are even doing w the search part its absolutely useless. Its truly the most frustrating process. Love Amazon hate the app!.
So slow it makes me go...to ebay (and i do). This app freezes on all of my phones. You'd think that a giant like amazon would hire people who would have the ability to create a useable app..
Difficult and time consuming Do not want credit card details stored on your system. No option. Lost sale..
Can't access my saved for later items. It keeps refreshing. I've already uninstalled and reinstalled, cleared the app data, and contacted app feedback..
Very very addictive shopping, it's so convenient that I end up spending so much money on random things all the time..
Horrible UI for mobile phones. Searching is tedious with a recent update because the images are so large that you don't get enough results at one time. You have to scroll longer and waste too much time. #frustrating Just go to the regular site on a PC. Avoid the app until they do back to the old way or improve the new way of searching..
Why did you change the way items are listed?! Having only a few listed and having to swipe to the side to view more is annoying! If it's not broken, don't fix it..
Takes too much space on sd card or internal space which causes a laggy phone. Would like to see a lite version of app but still have space for other things..
Amazon send a False notice at my local post office saying that my pack was picked up by a different carrier as so as it go there. That was Monday, November/09/2020. It is now November/12/2020 the day I am typing this. I wonder how common of an issue this..
Poor "message" function....cannot attach anything using this app..... receiving or sending messages to seller is just over complicated. Why can't this app be like the eBay app?.
There is no way to easily watch, save, or wishlist items. Furthermore, there is no way to check out a single or select item, ONLY THE ENTIRE CART. Yes, once in the cart, item can be "saved for later" but remember you have to clean all that up before checking out... Ridiculous... NEXT & PREVIOUS BUTTONS display incorrect. Reviews won't load half the time. Also WHAT IS THIS APP DOING TO USE SO MUCH BATTERY AND GO SO SLOW ? HOT! Battery consumption is higher with this single app than anything else!.
Doesn't work. Error message first time I tried to use app: "Amazon encountered an error. Failed to add an item to cart.".
Was great service but right I'm waiting on my package that has not been delivered. Your app on my phone keeps shutting down. I cannot track my package and I would like to have it thank you..
The app used to be great, but now it's way slow and freezes a lot. Much easier to use on a computer as opposed to an app on a phone..
Beware adding actual bank info Was charged over 200 for some prime membership I never wanted or clicked on then when I tried to argue and get it resorted they locked the account and refused to help. Will never deal with them again..
This may not be the app's fault, but possibly Amazon's. But if I search for something specific, I don't want to have to wade through pages and pages of things that aren't relevant to what I'm looking for. Very frustrating..
Looooove my Amazon app! Makes it convenient to quickly find and buy what I want. It is a smoother look and feel than the mobile web version..
While scrolling pictures of the items go blank white. Great for an app that relies on visual elements to sell you stuff....
Product thumbnails randomly disappear when scrolling through tiled lists such as the "today's deals" section. Give me pictures so I can have my instantaneous dopamine hit Amazon - jeez it's not that hard to make an app that works in 2020 just saying..
I'm bored about changing the language, the delivery address, doing a search and giving results from another region, can't open an Amazon link because change everything everytime..
App is very slow and unresponsive, especially when clicking on multi-values combo boxes within product page. Completely ruining shopping experience..
Amazon is very additive ! most of the time have what you need, and it comes to your door . Team prime member forever..
There is no list view option,so some things are in list view and other things are in grid view.this now a very bad site for buy.There also have to chacnch to lose their money.no one used this app please.bad site.
Has been a great app but recent updates have resulted in images disappearing (or flashing off and back on) when scrolling daily deals.
Something is wrong with the images since the last update some image turns to digital glitch and I only see vertical lines. Does not help if I can't see what I want to buy. Other than that I am happy with Amazon except for 1 refund for the vacuum cleaner that to this date I haven't received because they failed to refund the right account..
Constantly locks up and is unusable. I just use the browser on my phone since the app hasn't worked reliably for months, through multiple updates..
Doesn't work anymore! This used to be a good app but no longer! It doesn't even open for me. Uninstalled..
Hi Can never find what I'm looking for even when I type in the correct name! this is so annoying! someone really needs to look into this problem! ASAP, thank you!.
Fantastic, has fair prices and if your search up fashion clothing styles (egirl, soft girl, horse girl etc) it comes up with the matching aesthetic..
I love shopping on amazing but latest updates to the app are AWFUL!!! Trying to apply filters to narrow your search doesn't work. You can't remove the basic filters that are already applied. The Google switch to look at prime products only doesn't work. I get tons of completely unrelated products in my searches. It's such a pain to not be able to even use the app anymore..
Great app. Easy to use, with access to all the functionalities from the page..
The app is normally fine, but recently when scrolling through the deals, the pictures start disappearing and reappearing every few rows..
Filters for amazon search e.g by seller and seeing total no. Of items for sale always missing on the app. Been this way for months on android..
Just got a new phone and can't even log into the app. Works fine in browser and desktop still..
Can't even sign in. Whenever I approve the sign in from my email the app closes itself. Tried four times in a row to no avail. Going to uninstall and use my browser..
I switched to a new phone and this app won't even let me enable it... my phone is up to date on software and everything. Not sure what is wrong with the app.
The filters are not with full options. I miss many features that are existing on the website..
For the love of all. Stop "correcting" what I type after I start scrolling. Then again after I type it again. Usbc is a valid term and required to get the correct results.
I love Amazon. Only one issue the "Find the Look" page doesn't pop up correctly..
This app didn't even TRY to give me a chance to MAYBE like it before it earned my wrath... all over ONE stupid little oversight: they made it impossible to properly "sign-out" out of your account! I've searched ALL OVER trying to locate a "log-off", "sign-out", or whatever link, all to no avail: even the "help" instructions on the matter (when they could FINALLY be located after nearly as much searching) provided incorrect information! Thanks but No-Thanks! INSTANT UNINSTALL; I'll stick with PC!.
Use to work great but now every time I open the app I get the sad puppy telling me something went wrong... I tried reinstalling but no dice..
We buy ALOT from amazon, but as of recent the product images dissappear and reappear at random while scrolling. Otherwise I love this app..
Used to work perfectly but the recent update has ruined it. The images of products no longer show so you're left reading descriptions unless you click to open the item.
I can't login to this app. I would receive a text to approve my login to the app and after that the app would close by itself then ask me to sign in again.
It's a nightmare it won't let me log in , I give up its very frustrating I'm going round in circles..
I've never had a problem with this app until recently. Now when I try to get on, it tells me that Amazon Shopping has stopped. Please fix this.
It no longer loads my saved list. Just consistently refreshed the page. The mobile app is practically useless for how I like to shop now..
Items not displaying correctly when searching i.e. items are displaying two items next to each other then another two underneath etc. instead of just one underneath another etc. Irritating.
It works when I open it directly from my Pixel 3XL apps. It doesn't work when I try following a link to an Amazon product on a website. It's a little buggy opening the app..
the only problem I have is the screen is sometimes zoomed in and I am unable to unzoom it only effects some pages ie. jewelry.
Haven't been able to open the app on s couple weeks. As soon as it opens it crashes and closes..
It keeps stopping and won't allow me to use all of the features. It freezes often, too often..
You can only use the language of the country that you choose , so if you recently move to a country and you still don't know that language you shouldn't use Amazon app For example you can not use English if you live in Netherland you just have to choose Dutch so I can not use Amazon for 2 years so I have to use another app.
Images keep disappearing when scrolling, very frustrating when you are looking for something!.
Constantly getting errors in the app with the stupid dogs telling me that something went wrong. The same reason I uninstalled it a months ago..
I haven't been able to log in. I go through ALL of the steps to reset my password and nothing. I can log in on browser but once I open the app it instantly logs me out..
Good app and it's great to have the ability to order from either Amazon US or Amazon AU, but we need a filter option for Amazon AU when you a searching for an item..
App has always been great, but lots of improvements could be made, chiefly getting amazon links to open in the app instead of Chrome..
One of the best online ordering apps, fast delivery, even sometimes earlier than expected, very caring for customers, incase of refund they're quick to give it to you, and incase you get an order with a discount and it gets lost they give you a coupon to buy the product with the same discount and it arrives in no time. In short, this is the number one online delivery website internationally.
About to delete the app, prefer to use Web page. App keeps sending notifications which I can't get rid of. Even when I look at them, I can't delete them..
So glitchy right now. Randomly crashes. Also thumbnails are not populating properly on Black Friday Deals section. As I scroll down, some thumbnails just don't load..
App good, sight can be a bit busy with things Amazon think you might want after looking at something else. E.g... looking for a teapot.... You can see anything in that range and then coffee pots and anything Tea related and some that are bizarrely nothing of interest to you ever. Beware you can waste a lot of time looking for what you want...filters are not obvious or Very helpful....
The filter will no longer let you narrow down Categories at all, it'll just highlight the selection, the drop box stays open and nothing happens unless you press done to close the drop box, but then it acts like nothing happened and results are unchanged. Please fix this bc to my dismay, I let y'all reel me into your BS and browse for hours to feed my shopping addiction, knowing y'all are no good for society. And the least you can do is make it easy TO SEARCH YOUR VAST INVENTORY- what a concept.
The new search view is absolutely horrible! It is not at all app or mobile friendly which is insane since this is a mobile app! The way it was before with one column was fine! I was ok with them not going on continuously and doing pages but this latest UI update is archaic! Due to it's severe unusable interface I have stopped shopping with Amazon..
Amazon is a great service.to have. The only drawback for me is the filters for searching for your items. When using and android amd searching for an item you can typically choose 2 subcategories sometimes only 1. Sometimes I dint even get an option of category for the item I want and it shows me a bunch of random things. It just needs to be set up better..
I can't select more than one quantity of an item. When clicking on the quantity dropdown, the screen is greyed out.
Works fine. The only thing the gets to me. Is with Amazon take more money out that they dont need. And have to wait to get that back..
Constant internal crashing. Shows the "Dogs of Amazon" within 2 seconds of virtually every search landing. If I have to go to a web browser to get to acct, what is the point of the app?.
It's been crashing like crazy. Can barely scroll or click items without it freezing and crashing..
This shopping app needs no introduction. The magnificent amazon. The best of best and nothing but positive experience. Thank you.
Your app is useless, you make enough money to have a decent app. It crashes all the time. Oh and you provide selected searches. I found a product on my daughters phone you refused to show me on my phone despite putting in the correct product number. That's fraudulent selling. Selective demographic selling. Basically ILLEGAL???.
Still unusable.. Icons are far to large! This is a PHONE app not a desktop site! Why did you make this stupid change, its ridiculous trying to look for things now!.
App doesn't work with vpn. Also pages aren't loading, keeps saying "something went wrong on our end.".
As of today, it will not start. I have tried restarting my phone, enabling and disabling the app on my phone, but nothing seems to be working. Can anyone give me some pointers?.
The items are showing up huge in my screen, can't even see one thing in my screen without having to scroll to the sides, is so annoying, I hate it!.
I would have given it 5 🌟, It's a good app but it's lacking the option for tracing the current address Amazon is such an advance company but this app lacks the very basic option which is important for delivery.
Will be uninstalling from my phone as this app is completely useless on a mobile phone. I have no problems on my laptop or tablet accessing items and filtering to get the results im looking for. It was ok up until a week ago where I can no longer filter categories. Prime day was a joke accessing. It was a grid like format that kept resetting when you clicked on an item. Please fix this bug..
Although I spend money on here, I am very happy with the app! It doesn't always have a great search engine for what I look for, I learned that the related items are the best place to look for anything I want. I am very happy with the simplicity and the delivery so much that I am a prime member! Thank you for making my shopping more people and stress free!.
Decent alternative to desktop. I like how it shows you where your orders are in real-time. 1 tap buy is also decent..
I'm very highly irritated right now. I canceled my plan for prime about 5 months ago and you have still charged me this month!!!? Outrageous..
Takes shopping to a whole new level. Quick delivery too! Helps to spend to much 💰!.
Pain in the a$$ to play music at times. Doesn't always play on the speakers with no easy easy to resolve.
Latest update makes images dissapear as I scroll through the page. App is a bit more laggy as well. Previous version was better. FIX BEFORE BLACK FRIDAY PLEASE!!!.
It's a bit broken at the noment. Doesn't work properly on Pixel 5, product images load then disappear..
Lately I have found that when I am scrolling through deals of the day or Lightening deals, all the images disappear..
Love the phone number only sign in option, would be great if amzn sold phones that auto signed in with identity certifications from a antivirus purchase app protection from default payment setup on enrollment of company. Please notify if others try to reset or rename my phone or email since options have dwindled order time, user id no, username, public profile data web, shared contacts, email address, then phone with extension where the mobile plan is verified at line person level, contacts ap.
This used to be the best app. Fast search results, easy to find prices and variations of items...but lately, I can barely get it to work! It's not my phone. All other apps work perfectly. Something changed and it's costing Amazon, because I do a ton of shopping through the app but it's become too frustrating to use. I can't sit for five minutes waiting for a price to load or to check if something is available in a different color because it's taking forever to load..
I can't pull up anything! I need to purchase a few things and it's giving me Hell. I type in the search bar and them hit go...Annnnnd nothing. This is Day 2. What changed?.
Pretty decent experience with Amazon as long as you understand not everything is going to be right that they ship. Returning the stuff that does not work gets old other than that it's pretty good.
This app has been going downhill rapidly. Now you cant even filter your search results because, 90% of the time, the options dont work. Cant even do holiday shopping for my family with this app cause I cant filter things down to what I'm looking for. Not sure how much longer my wife and I are going to keep using this service. Even Walmart's app is better than this..
Both the Amazon app and the Amazon music app are not letting me buy new mp3 music. on the Amazon app if I pull up an album and click the drop-down to change format from CD to mp3, as soon as I click the drop-down the screen refreshes and the options to select format are off the edge of the viewable screen so I can't click anything. On the Amazon music app, every time I click an album and click shop for this album, I just get a generic message that says an error has occurred. Tried rebooting, upd.
It's OK for me. I have never had any problems with it on any of my Androids or on my iPhone, not even after recent updates. They need to add support for dark/night mode though. I hate all of that white background on my screen. You can force dark mode on it in the developer options in Android 10 and above, but sometimes that makes photos and other apps display and act weirdly. So, that's my only complaint..
Used to be good but today on Prime day, as I scroll through deals, the pictures keep disappearing. Tried using mobile data and WiFi but no difference..
Rubbish since last update. Now when I search deals I don't see any pictures. They sometimes flash up but not long enough to see any detail.
No Thumbnails load anymore. I hate even looking for stuff anymore bc nothing loads!!!! So frustrating!.
Love anything related to Amazon, period; I'm not going to lie or virtue signal about their $$$, because this service saves me so much money and hassle. I'm a homebody, buuuut also super impatient which is why I this app/ service is my go to for almost everything. Only complaint is that home improvement stuff like paint and stains can sometimes be more expensive than in stores, but small price to pay to be able to be a recluse lol.
Easy to use, great deals,and you can find things on Amazon, that you cannot find in retail stores.
Good app, but consumes too much data. 132 mb consumed with about 10 minutes usage..
Always a fantastic shopping experience, and the only one that I will use, fabulous prices and the best brands are always available! A must have app for android and a amazing experience!!.
Just opened my app to order something with some gift cards I've been adding up in my account. To my surprise my account was suspended supposedly because of misuse. SMH I called to see what was happening and girl who answered didn't have no idea why this happened. I've been ordering from Amazon for awhile and all of the sudden this happened for no reason. PLUS my gift cards are gone and she couldn't do anything about it. NEVER again will I do business with them..
Amazon suck on the extreme occasion when I have used them, they say that they have something in stock (in this case a record which I really was trying to get), then 3 weeks later they say it is out of stock (ie. They never had it in the first place). Also unlike there many sellers which you can't leave negative feedback for, you can't for them!!! Spend you money elsewhere, tax avoiding *holes.
Don't update if you like your app! Since the last update I can't read reviews. Please fix this. How do I know how a product will fit or behave if I can't read reviews? Also, like others have mentioned the search is the worst because your mainly seeing ads. When I'm shopping I know what I want. I don't need Amazon to force random products on me..
They changed it back to the old way just when it's fallen in love with the new way. Now everything looks confusing 😆.
App works ok, but scrolling through deals, the pictures come and go on and off....buggy..
Even with good internet connection, products and images of reviews load slower when compared to other shopping apps. Needs optimization..
Today the app keeps opening and closing no way to shop see anything... I guess Amazon is crashing. It seems to have been going on all day... I guess I have to delete as it is interfering with other stuff. Sad as it did work pretty well... but can't keep dealing with it in alerts. Its draining battery, can't open or shut..
New update needs fixing. I cannot find a list view option anywhere, and the grid view it shows is far too large so you have to scroll from side to side to see everything. If I wanted a desktop version, I would choose it on my own. It has been like this since July-why isn't it fixed yet?! Amazon is now my last resort for online shopping because I can barely see one entire photo on my screen in my search result list, let alone several. Why is this STILL so crappy?!.
Please PLEASE fix where if you search something the items aren't insanely zoomed in. I cant browse anything this way and obviously can't zoom out. Its only when I search for certain items.
Disappointed in continuous false claims. I order from Amazon often, but recently they'll say something has shipped but give no information and recently the packages never arrived so I requested a refund which I'm supposed to get back just waiting on the bank. When Amazon works I'm usually very happy with my orders but recently I cant even track them and they lie about delivery dates and shipping dates. I'm only reviewing here because they don't let you review them anywhere else..
The pictures of items keep disappearing. Which is really annoying..
Does not allow you to move items from list to list like before. Very glitchy and stops constantly..
Wow never seen so many foreign links tied to this app. Will delete or disable as I do not see a need to have Amazon links tied to a (insert foreign country name here - I will pick NZ from my list) as I have deemed unfit and unsafe. 11-13-2020 Sent notice of security issues to Amazon support as well..
I've got no problems with the app., except for the fact that the map has gone, I'm told my package is 8 stops away, but now I can't follow its progress, I just have to stand around like a lemon waiting for it to arrive. It's not easy for the driver to get into where I live, and it takes extra time, so it's best if I collect my delivery at the gate, so if it's raining I don't want to be stood outside getting wet, can you fix the map..
It is EXTREMELY annoying having to verify who I am each time I sign in on my own devices. This security verification BS is really over the top and should be removed. If I sign in on a different device, I should not have to go through 50 verification procedures just to get in. And when I do verify that it is me who signed in, I still have to go in again and verify once more. It is my responsibility to know if I have anything out of place or not correct. Remove these verification procedures!.
Since last update, it freezes, is slow, takes a few tries to delete from lists, keeps stopping.(was fine before).
It keeps just opening a small grey bar instead of the product I've clicked on. It's obnoxious and broken..
Every time when I try to open app has issue.There has "Try again shortly".That is sucks..
Constant crashing - "oops, something went wrong" over and over, continuously. Unusable garbage, like much of the trash amazon and google play sells. Zero stars if possible. Update 8/20/20 - they've found a way to make it worse. Pictures do not load in search results and everything is at a snail's pace. Still unusable rubbish and still no one cares. Bezos is terrible also. Update 10/13/20: still garbage. No photos and very slow with crashes..
Glitchy and Hard to Use - I keep having glitches where pictures won't show (I can't scroll through more than maybe 15 items in their prime day section for example without all the pictures disappearing), and the categories feature is really frustrating to use. I wish you could set a price range when searching instead of choosing from options like "under $25" or "$25-$50", and they make it hard to search (what would be REALLY helpful is being able to select more than one...).
Most recent update doesn't allow me to pick how many items I want to buy.. I'm trying to buy two packs of razors, but I can't press on the number 2..
Love this app. I recently ordered pilipino snacks which isn't available to me in my area. The alerts are great as well..
Privacy issues. Runs on phone when it shouldn't. Pretty much all the time..
Useful, but still very frustrating. Delivery dates get confused, different days on different pages. It's pot luck which is correct. There is no filter to sort by delivery date. Not very helpful for subscribe and save. Search is frustrating. I get different results on different devices and finding a specific product from a specific seller is often impossible. About 30% of items are not related to the search at all. Frequently, after a purchase the basket doesn't empty..
The view is like a computer. Instead of being able to scroll, I have to scroll all over to see what's not showing on my screen. How do I uninstalled update..
Since the last update, so many functions aren't working. From the "my list" column to placing things in the cart. And the app just suddenly closes. Having a frustrating time just waiting for it to open information on products, such as the pics or info. Take a great deal of time for the pages to open, then the app will suddenly close. It IS NOT my phone or internet, as all other apps are functioning normally. This just started after the lastest update..
I've got the app. But it keeps popping up as an advert covering up details of my blood pressure monitor..
Really poor experience with this app recently. Seems so buggy, scrolling thru the deals pages and images are there then not there. Not great needs fixed.
I love the Amazon app...it's easy and I use to buy everything I need and more!!.
Can't get to any of my list. App is slow and the search is about useless. I guess all the time and money is being spent on the electric delivery vehicles 🙄..
It's a really good app I use it all the time my brother even works there I recommend using amazon it might be a little pricey but it works really well.
It would be much easier to buy if it was on English, I don't think it helps expats if local language are the only option :(.
Update needed, all the pictures disappear when you scroll down on the black Friday page. Needs fixing.
Large thumbnail and misalignment. New update makes it impossible to view on mobile..
This latest "upgrade" is a pain. The added "Next Page" is unnecessary. You no longer know how close you are to the end of the list. Also, I should STILL be able to choose multiple filters without being kicked out the screen. This changes what was 5 or 6 clicks into literally 30 clicks just to filter down a search list. These two changes alone make this app too time consuming to even bother. 9.24.20 - Another crappy update! The filter options and the search view need to go back to the original.
It used to work so well for me before. But recently, everytime I try to use the app, all i see is the page where is shows "Something went wrong. Go to home page". I can only use Amazon on a PC or a laptop now because of how difficult this app has become..
For the most successful company on the planet I don't know how they're messing the search results up so often. For years it was fine, do a search and to see everything only requires scrolling down. For months now a search will now put half the results off-screen requiring a side-scroll, meaning you have to zig-zag to see all the results. So asinine for a mobile app, where a single column list should be default..
I can't log in anymore and everytime i try to log in you always say the same time. It doesn't work. I hate THIS!!!!!😭😭🤬🤬🤬😡😠😡😠🖕🖕🖕.
The app needs to get cleaned up. It's getting so cluttered from what it used to be. The photos are also annoying. If you click on a photo you can't swipe to the next photo unless you swipe all the way to the right, tap on "See More" THEN you can navigate to the next photo. ... Why? Amazon is a leading trillion dollar company and the app can't be more convenient or cleaned?.
I started having serious problems on Amazon via browser on my phone so downloaded this app this morning and can already tell, it is PERFECT! Everything is laid out for easy access including Q&As, reviews, returning to description, cart, lists, everything. It has turned product search as well as view from the nightmare it recently became to an absolute joy. Whoever designed this app for Amazon... kudos! And thank you so much. Love it!.
Easy and simple. Quick and fast to get what you want and to do whatever you want to do. It's worth recommending it to others..
If I could've given 0 stars, I would have. Had nothing but trouble with them. They leave my packages outside and they disappear n they won't replace it. On top of that they keep signing me up for subscriptions n charging me without authorization. I had to cancel my account. There are better e-commerce companies to use. Amazon is not recommended..
I love Amazon, but recently when viewing the deals pages, the images keep disappearing when scrolling..
IF YOU HAVE NOT UPDATED, DO. NOT. UPDATE. App was great until last 2 updates. Now it's as if it wasn't made for mobile users at all. There's no longer an option for list view of your results and you have to scroll side to side then down to the next line of results. It's like someone tried to fit the desktop version onto a mobile phone. It's not good and frankly harder to find what I'm looking for so I end up buying it elsewhere..
The app is broken! Every time I log into the account I'm forced into a two-factor authentication process that glitches and loops ad nauseum. Every time I open the text to verify for two-factor authentication, the application crashes before it can complete the login process. I haven't been able to log into my account for two days..
The App is okay as usual but it glitches with dark mode currently. Looks and feels very outdated..
The shopping is great but whenever I need to cancel a subscription I've had through the fire stick, it's never there and I end up having to message Amazon to make sure it's cancelled. I'm sick of apps making it so difficult to cancel after a free trial, just hoping you'll forget and they can at least get another month's money from you.
The only issue I have with Amazon is that when it says it's being delivered on Sunday, it's really not. It's going to be delivered on Monday or Tuesday. That false advertisement and it gives people false hope that their item will be there before the week starts. It sucks. The app is okay but sometimes it does force quit if it has recently updated..
Id like you to the fix the bug where you cant even use that damn app on a Galaxy S10+ because it just throws up a title bar and thats IT. STILL like that today..
I used to love it. But recently something changed and I can no longer sort my searches by price. Frustrating!.
Need to add a way to give instructions for grocery order on certain items, customer should be able to give description for item specifics, examples of what dept. Need instructions (deli meat, produce, meat dept.).
The app is horrible. The page is not loading at all. They need to fix this.!!!.
Do not use Amazon to purchase books if you care about the cover or formatting at all. I attempted to buy a particular version of a book with a particular cover style and a particular format size so it would fit with the rest of my collection. Amazon allowed one of the vendors selling said book to fabricate the actual format of the book and send me the wrong one. I cannot return the book without paying a restocking fee, and have now wasted my money..
It use to be when you were a prime member (for a fee) and you ordered something off of Amazon, you had it in about 3 days. Nowadays, your a prime member, you order something, it takes just as long to get if you weren't a prime member. I ordered Something on October 14th 2020 and its now October 17th 2020 and it still hasn't been shipped. I won't be renewing my subscription until Amazon gets it together..
Was pretty great until they decide to make items on the list really big and you have to not only scroll up and down, but side to side to veiw items. I dont really mind that it got bigger.... but having to view it side to side (as well as up and down) on the phone is horrendous and annoying. I just want to scroll up and down when searching for items. Please fix this and I'll edit my review.
I love using amazon as much as the next person, but the app has been struggling for a while now. I get a lot of "Uh oh, something went wrong" messages, the items aren't as nice to scroll through with added pages, and most recently I found that I can't click on reviews. I know there's a lot to manage so if they can smooth out issues, they'll be back up to 5 stars. I always get my packages at amazing speed and returns are super easy. The company revolutionized shopping in many ways..
There are a couple problems with the list functionality that I'd like to point out, 1 is that when you have to customize an item to put it in your kart, you can't put it on a list! 2 is that you can't have customized options (choosing your shirt size, color etc.) On a list, so if I wanted to buy something of a list I'd have to re input all of those options! And worse, if you are messaging people with your list, you also have to tell them your options which you can easily mistype. Thanks..
The search option in the wishlist completely does not work. Please fix or change it back to how it was before..
This is not a stand-alone app. All it does is utilize the web browser. I was hoping it was going to be easier to sign into my account if I used the app. It's has however proven not to be the case. After so many attempts and a change of password I could still not log into my account. I shall now be uninstalling the app. The updated system for signing into my account has become quite intolerable..
Used to be a very good app but suddenly it has become glitchy. Photos of products don't show properly nor does the little heart to add an item to your wish list which makes it hard to search and save things. I typically like shopping on Amazon but these latest problems with the app is making me, and I'm sure other customers, think twice about using this service. Much better experience shopping on eBay at the moment. Please solve the problem before more people stop shopping with you..
Recently changed phones, with a lot more storage, so decided to download the app rather than using through browser. Can't even get passed the sign in stage. Get sent text message to authorise sign in, but because you have to come out of the app to click the link, by the time you go back to the app, it's already taken you back to the sign in page and hasn't registered the authentication. Tired this numerous times over a couple of different days and still won't work. Browser it is until sorted..
your app is garbage now the update totally dropped the deuce in my phone can't open it up can't check the status of my order or continue to browse and shop if you're confident with continuing my prime membership with you I feel good about spreading my information over internet browsers the way everything is connected and shared throughout digitally.
Update Nov. 11th - Everything in my cart has suddenly been emptied. Anything I've been saving for later that typically appears under the items in the cart is also gone. No sign of it, hasn't been moved into a "Later List" - What The Hell Happened?! If you really don't want me spending my money, I can look elsewhere..
New update slowed it down and now it freezes when I try and do anything..
Super ugly bug and i cant use the app cause all the pictures be so huge and i have to scroll left and right just on the search list..
The app does not work, it says something went wrong on our end, with a picture if a dog displaying thier end..
Awesome! Most of my items arrive on time and in good condition. Returns are easy..
Function to sort a wish list by price (high to low) just doesn't work on android..
Search engine needs to be greatly improved. Secondary filters.
Amazon app is constantly crashing. You can totally not open it. Please fix the bug..
Constantly freezing up, i uninstalled it and reinstalled, it still has the same problem. Sometimes it works fine but lately it doesnt work at all.i cannot shop on Amazon at all anymore, the app doesnt display any merchandise at all. Ive tried reinstalling, deleted cache ect it doesnt work. No updates needed. After reading reviews i see its a common complaint. Fix your app.
Update: this app truly sucks. It is designed, yes, designed, to make you accidently click on what you don't want during checkout Old: Useful if you know what you want to buy. However, the Amazon search engine misleads you. It is hard to find what you are looking for because they intentionally drown you in irrelevant, sponsored, or other useless results that are just pure spam, in hopes you buy more irrelevant junk. No, they won't change it, and it's no accident. It's been like that for years..
This app sucks. One image takes up my entire Samsung S10+ screen. Searching for items when the page is blown up 4+ times bigger than it should be is a joke. Plus the pictures are 2 deep so you have to scroll side ways as well as up and down or go down the middle and not be able to see any of the images fully. I've quit using the app except when absolutely necessary because it's such a pain. I used to love browsing Amazon and now I only use it if I must..
Great app minus a few cons. There's many sellers so you can find items at different stores in other colors, lower prices, etc. Arrival is days earlier than expected, that's always a pleasant surprise. Amazon offers helpful notifications on the shipping process and integrates with Honey on my Android. However, searching makes things difficult. "Sort by" doesn't work and search results are irrelevant. Also, a friend of mine is having terrible issues with the visa. I'd advise you to avoid it..
I absolutely love it! Fast delivery; couldn't have gotten through Covid-19 without it..
Its ok but lacks dark theme of any kind and also came pre-installed which im against. I do use it but it does annoy me that I can't remove it if I wanted..
Left side of the app is unusable. Ever since the last update the whole left side of the app is streaky and i can't see or read anything. There are no connection issues on my end and this is happening across multiple devices. Makes it incredibly frustrating to try and use the app when you can only read or see half of everything.
Wow! So as many people have commented, there's been a major bug with the app affecting the view you see when you perform a search making it impossible to really navigate. I sent an email to the office of Jeff Bezos and within a day... It's been fixed. That shows that amazon does care, but they don't always have their eyes where they might find this kind of forum of feedback. Anyway, amazon support has always been great for me and of course the shopping experience has always been unrivaled!.
The app is really good, but lately for the past 2-3 days I am unable to open the app, whenever I open the app, it just doesn't open and displays a message saying report problem. I had make some order and now I can't, it would be really better if you could look into the matter..
The new update broke the filter system. Whenever I filter the page, it only shows a single page with a greyed out "previous" button, despite it being the first page. I now have to go through every single item to find something I want, for the price I want. It just made the app completely unusable..
Latest app update is rubbish, no idea whats happening, as I scroll the images disappear then appear then scroll more, some show and others dont. Terrible..
Very slow. Filters are useless and overall a very frustrating user experience.
Not too happy with Amazon. Some packages have arrived badly torn and on one occasion something inside was broken. Tried to contact them but there seems to be no way on the website unless you ring them which I am not prepared to do as I don't live in UK. The packaging was just not suitable for the job, too flimsy..
Won't open!!! Wont play movies when you have the phone connected (mirroring in smart view) to the TV.
Can't sign in. As soon as I click on the link in the text message to verify my sign in the app crashes..
Love amazon prime but this app does not work like it used to. Wont open at all. I have to keep using amazon through my browser like a common peasant.
It is EXTREMELY annoying having to verify who I am each time I sign in on my own devices. This security verification BS is really over the top and should be removed. If I sign in on a different device, I should not have to go through 50 verification procedures just to get in. And when I do verify that it is me who signed in, I still have to go in again and verify once more. It is my responsibility to know if I have anything out of place or not correct. Remove these verification procedures!.
For the past few months, the images are too large for my phone and I can't do a proper search in the app. It's very frustrating! Also, I can no longer scroll endlessly on a search. It only gives a limited selection and then I have to hit next or previous. I used to love amazon but now it's too much of a chore and I find that I'm checking other sites more often now..
Amazon app has always worked brilliantly but recently has been glitchy almost constantly. I cannot buy in confidence right now from this app. The app doesn't need to be updated and my phone is brand new (Samsung S20 Ultra) so I cannot figure out the problem. I had to shop on *ebay* last night. Shock and Horror. Please fix my favorite app!!!.
Edit: new bug. Needs notification approved on the app but this is not compatible with Android devices. I don't know wha's happened to the search. Maybe they're pushing their featured/sponsored results at the top of the list, it takes ages now to find what you're looking for. Difficult filtering, not transparent in terms of where the items come from. Reviews often don't match the item on the page. Feature request: order results by which item I can receive the quickest.
The app is great. The problem I have is I mainly buy vinyl records and find Amazon are usually expensive. A fall out with an Amazon seller last year also muddied the waters. After 10 years I've returned to eBay and have been very impressed with their revamped system. More choice and much cheaper. As a result I have bought maybe 2 items from Amazon this year and 90+ from eBay. Buying a high end turntable soon and again eBay wins in both choice and price. As I said though the app works very well..
I love Amazon but the changes to the way you search/filter are terrible. Doesn't even tell you the number or results any more and sorting by price seems to remove most items. If you select a few filters and sort by price there are often one a few items when if left at Featured there are hundreds of matching results. Update 17/10/20 search is now even worse! Category doesn't affect results and often sort by price removes all results!! Can't understand how this can happen with such a big company..
Downloaded to new phone, trying to log in. Sends me verification link as a text message. I click on the link, I approve the log in attempt. Sounds easy, right? Wrong! Link closes the app and when I try to log in again it starts the whole procedure from the beginning. How come every single other account can be verified with a code sent as a text or email, or a working link sent in an email? No other service provider made me look like a dog chasing its own tail....
Why am I getting error while trying to set up upi? Asking me to update. But not allowing me to update the app. I use pixel 2 xl..
Great app. Well stocked with some many different products and items. I always find what I'm looking for..
Awful,sort from low to high price and most of the previous results disappear! Like punishing you for trying to save money! And for the love of God please make it so we can view more items in a list,instead of constantly having to click "NEXT".
So I understand that covid has changed a lot, and some items take longer to get now. I'm a prime member, but now items still labled prime take longer than 2 days and this wouldn't be such a problem if the date it said it would arrive by was the same when putting it in your cart as it is after you make the purchase and stayed that date, however that isn't the case and some of these items take weeks or a month to arrive. What am I paying for? The app no longer notifies me of delivery..
I give it a one star because the last update they did has damn near ruined this app you cannot even click on a movie where it says Blu-ray underneath and check what other versions of it is available it is super glitchy.
Some issue with app since sometime now. Images get some weird blury or stripes effect and disappears at times. Even scrolling makes few items disappear..
9/30/20 update seems to have stability issues. My install started starting/stopping continuously, then would immediately stop after starting. Solution was to clear the cache. Follow these steps from the droid guy. Froma Home screen, navigate: Settings > Apps. Tap App Manager. Locate then tap Amazon Shopping. Tap Storage. Tap CLEAR CACHE. might help to reboot, or to delete data as well, but I didn't need to.
Well, a great app and grear platform. However it was quite annoying to find out yhat they started charging me full price for the prime membership even though I'm a student. I wish they have sent me a friendly email saying that this is what's happening. No, they gave me a run around to find out that I need to resubmit the proof that I'm a student. Extremely annoying..
The design is very outdated, I know amazon doesn't focus on app design, but as an enthusiast it seems outdated....
Update 10/2/20.. We're right back to the constant crashing. And I do mean constant. I've once again removed the app for the third time. It seems like every 2 to 3 months they update it and it just crashes. Constantly. Even if I don't open the app. So I uninstall it. Wait a month or two. Then try again. And same thing. Over and over. I'll just stick to the website from now on. The app is useless..
Bugs galore, especially when trying to access your saved lists. Constant crashes. Takes forever to load pages or remove items from lists only to get an error message. Used to be a great app but ever since I've upgraded my phone to a better, faster model, it's been nothing but headache. So frustrating..
I wasn't even able to log into my account! Everytime I would go to log in it would make me click on at least 5 different varification emails and text messages and when I would finally get to the last one it would just randomly close the app so I had to start all over. I never managed to log in. No matter how many times I try I don't think this app is worth it. Just go to the website and work from there, it's way better than this..
Continually get error with picture of dog and something went wrong on their end. Stupid and useless app..
Been using amazon android app for decades. It stopped working today. Amazon for chrome works fine. Ple ase help..
Almost unusable on OnePlus 6t. When you start to scroll through your search results all pictures disappear from view. Reinstalled app problem persists..
I turned off amazon prime, and a few month later it started charging me for prime again without me turning it back on. Kind of scary and weird..
Love this app, but recently anytime I try to use it gets stuck on a loading screen or a sorry message.
I have been cancelled my prime membership around year ago, but these robbers start charging money for the membership with one been cancelled ages ago... And I didn't renew that prime....
There is no simple mode so whenever you search for an item one item preview takes up the whole screen.
The service is great but the app is VERY slow and buggy, almost unusable..
On a new Pixel 5 I'm now unable to login to my account as it needs me to verify via a link sent by text message. Upon clicking the link in the text message the app closes itself and so doesn't register me clicking on the link. And so starts a most annoying loop of trying to sign in, being told to verify, clicking the message to verify to find the app has closed down again. And again. And 20+ minutes of chatting with Amazon support and nothing. What an absolute shambles of an app!.
I don't know why they changed the interface, but it's really difficult to use on your phone now. The pictures are giant! Really Amazon? Hate!.
The app has just become more and more unusable and is very poorly designed. I can't even sign in because of the stupid phone number authentication which sends you a link via text, yet the link doesn't always work and once it EVENTUALLY does, you can't reopen the Amazon app at the stage you left it previously, meaning that you are forced to go through the sign in process from the start - the sign in process that you can't even complete! 😂.
When I do a product search it only allows me to view one page. At the bottom where I should normally be able to navigate between "next page" and "previous" it only shows "previous" at the bottom and it's not clickable (for lack of better term) please correct this soon as its interfering my I wish I was rich so I could actually buy stuff dream shopping..
It keeps saying there seems to be a problem in their part and it's been like this for days... What now?.
Broken, horribly designed and the music downloading process is an experience I wouldn't wish on my worst enemy. So where do I start, well, aside from the fact that using this app inexplicably makes my phone hotter than the surface of the sun, I do not understand why every item thumbnail is broken and distorted. Every. Damn. Time. Lastly, if you're trying to entice users into using the services, even to casually download music, then for the love of God don't send them a broken link to do so..
Only works on wifi. When I'm connected via data, the home screen loads without a problem. As soon as I select a product or deals, it will fully load the next screen and then show a dog that says unavailable. I have 5 bars right now and no other app has any issues. I can stream SiriusXM right now without any issues. Please help..
UPDATE 27/09/20 - Now you can't even search by seller at all! PLEASE STOP MAKING THIS APP WORSE!! Please reinstate number of search results. It's not extremely frustrating when searching for new listings in the warehouse as you can't tell if any more items have been added at a glance. Also as others have said, the app hangs when looking at product images and you have to press back multiple times and you lose all of your filters..
I don't know what happened to the Amazon app, but it used to work just fine. I can go online and search for something, but when I want more details, it just freezes and I cannot even access the product that I was just looking at. My phone is an Android, but it worked good until a couple of months ago. Must be the update. Amazon, please, please, please, fix your app! I have uninstalled, reinstall, and restarted my phone several times. That does not make any difference, my other apps work fine..
Used to love Amazon and used for multiple purchases throughout the week....now the search engine is sooooo bad and bias that it is VERY FRUSTRATING to even find what you are looking for even when the words match exactly. Now they rather force you to see 100 items that have nothing to do with what you want. Actually so bad now that I have went back to ebay as much as I despise it. Add in product page is so short and no Revealance search. Just featured..Boooooooo Amazon. Customer Service chat =😠.
App dont work. Just keeps saying "uh oh something went wrong ". Last update messed up the whole app..
Very poor showing for Prime Day 2020. When you try and scroll through a list of Prime Day deals, if you are looking at the catalog as a grid of items, the images for the items will disappear while you are scrolling. Suddenly, they'll decide to magically reappear again. This bug was consistently reproduceable by me using a Pixel 4a. I certainly did not want to shop for Prime Deals if I didn't know what I was looking at. Rest of the site was fine tho..
UPDATE: It's been over a month and they still haven't fixed the bug where it shows the wrong name on the menu screen. Dropping to 1 star. The Amazon for Tablets app doesn't have this bug. ORIGINAL: Good for shopping, and it's nice to get delivery notifications on my phone, BUT I updated my name in the account settings a week ago, and when I hit the menu button it still shows the old name. Clearing all app data, uninstalling and reinstalling didn't fix it, so it must be a bug. Please fix this!!!.
Works though I rather use the website dew to the limited mobile view, best at an advanced user interface option..
Returns are difficult - app needs a section for authorized returns so you don't have to hunt for each item when at the drop off location..
Advertised £10 discount if spend £30, not applied. Complained to customer service and they said it didn't exist its a con to get new customers..
I got a new phone and every app I've downloaded works perfectly fine not laggy or freezing screens, but this app is always freezing and it just stops working.
Good and accurate , some things I think take too long to ship..
Works good for just about all Amazon purposes. Some problems tho: - Has trouble opening with links from another app - No dark mode (make it system compatible please) - Status is not transparent. Make it transparent and have it match the app please it looks ugly.
It is a mess. It is way more complicated than the website. Because I was trying to figure out how it works the checkout, I lost a flash deal. It seems you have 15min to proceed with the checkout before the deal expires. My first time dealing with prime day, the app and the flash deals. Overall it was a horrible experience. Better buy from others instead from Amazon..
Love Amazon and so simple to use. I purchase a lot from them because I do a ton of online shopping due to COVID 19 and with my prime account, my packages are delivered within 2 days❤.
Amazon came pre-installed on my phone. Then it started telling me that it wouldn't be supported soon and to update. It linked to this App, which installs side by side with the pre-installed app. So Amazon just abandoned the original app, but made sure I don't have the permission to uninstall it! It's just an extra app taking up space....
App seems broken as of recently. Clicking item links in messages or emails no longer open in the app properly. The app only partially opens (I can see the title bar, but that's it), and then just hangs until I force close the app. When browsing through items, you can scroll so far and then all the images disappear. Scroll a little more and they are back. Try to scroll back up a little to see the ones that were not there, and they all disappear again. The cycle keeps repeating as you scroll..
I love how easy this is to use and the fact that I can have my teenage daughter on my account where she can go pick out what she wants and I simply have to respond to the verification text with a letter y to approve her purchases which come off of a credit card that I have previously set up. There's so many features that I have not used yet and I already love it..
Ever since the latest update around Prime Day, a lot of the pictures have turned into garbled messes of vertical lines. At first, I assumed it was overwhelming use during Prime Day, but that has been over for about a week, so this is just an app issue..
Poor shopping experience! It was good at the beginning. The fares of international shipping was fair and there was an option of free international shipping over 50$. Now it's terrible. I can't find any worth item in this app. The prices are expensive plus international shipping costs (as the item cost) make it expensive and irrelevant. I don't recommend shipping Amazon..
Why are there no apperance options? Ive used the app for a while, but upon getting an updated phone, I find this apo completely unusable. you can only see 3/4th of a listing at a time, set in rows of two-- meaning half your results ilare off screen to the side. Theres no way Ive fiund to advust how I view the app that would fix this, making me realize theres a distinct lack of access for those who might need it..
Absolute rubbish crashes for a pastime on Samsung galaxy tab. Amazon has got more money than many countries and can't stop their app from crashing.
Ever since I updated, my Amazon app won't work. It refuses to open..
Not able to launch the app. Evertime I try to launch the app, it crashes..
I had amazon for awhile but for no reason it closed my account and wouldnt let me create and new one and it didnt tell me why it shut down my account and it wouldnt let me try to fix it.
Horrible! Either won't open or keeps crashing since the last "update".
Using the microphone feature to search for products nothing comes up everything has to be manually typed in.
I absolutely love Amazon! I'm a Prime member now and I absolutely love all of the perks they remind you on what you maybe missing out on, and they have great Customer Support!.
Exceptional! I'm always happy with Amazon! Customer service is very good too!.
Amazing as always. If something goes wrong, these guys always make it right! Best shopping experiences ever!.
This app is consistently one of the best; fast, responsive, and with a layout that makes online shopping easy... BUT, good luck trying to remove items from the wish list; everytime I try, it either takes forever, or freezes up the app until it crashes. This may be a small thing, but irritating....
Was good now terrible. Won't load properly and keeps crashing. Terrible and such a shame as I love shopping with amazon.
Overall no real problems and works fairly soomthly. Could use the odd tweak when making certain changes to ones order. The biggest problem I have is with delivery times! If they say they will be there within 3 hours be there, not 5 or 6 hours. Should say 5 or 6 hours at first. I really do not give a rat's ass if the driver is at #5 of 43 deliveries!.
I think this is the 2nd way to use Amazon, (if you don't have a desktop, or laptop in front of you), but the website itself has a problem with debit/credit cards, cause when ever my dad tries to use it just at the checkout screen(s), you have to end up adding the actual card, and then removing it a day later, can you pls make to where if you can make it to where people can just use the card for that specific time, and then again, instead of having add it, thx!!! But overall this app is amazing!.
Used to love the Amazon app but lately when you click on an item the pictures are all screwed up. Also it tells me to verify my benefits for my discounted prime membership but when I click on verify the app crashes. Please fix, I love this app and use it multiple times a day but lately it is so annoying that I don't want to use it..
App is progressively less usable. The first page of results is nothing but sponsored products. The detailed customer reviews, which you were once-upon-a-time even able to respond to, are now just gone. Feels less like a helpful shopping assistant and more like an overbearing car salesman telling you what you ought to want..
Images keep glitching so you can't actually look at the product that you're interested in buying I fail to see the point in having different images available for the same product if when you slide to look at the next image and it glitches, you can't make out anything. I'm not sure how and when this problem first occured but it definitely needs sorting and surely I can't be the only one..
Uh-oh something has gone wrong on our end. This is the only message I get when I open the app now. How about you fix your end then. I have uninstalled all Amazon apps to try and fix it. Nothing works, it now errors out when trying to sign in telling me to check my internet. My internet is fine thanks Jeff.
I've had Amazon for years. Loved it until they decided to share my card information into another account. When I requested my information removal from the other account ( after some back and forth that i had not authorized such) was told to contact my bank and have my card replaced. Shoddy handling of my information and concerns. remember shop Amazon at your own risk even when their at fault. I know Im only 1 person in millions but expected better treatment of my info.
This is one of the most god awful apps i have on my phone. Its constantly freezing & having issues. I love to shop on amazon but this app needs serious work. Just a few minutes ago the app crashed so hard that it somehow restarted my phone. Thats how bad it is. You'd think with the billions of dollars Jeff Bezos has, he would have developed a halfway decent app..
Pretty good app I do wish there were easier ways to find certain things i want without specifically typing the logo or company.
Pretty good app, does what it should. But you shouod be able to filter out stuff from China!!.
Worthless when it wont pull up my cart but instead just has button to "check out my Amazon cart". Umm no. I don't always remember what all is there as I add stuff for several days or weeks even. To give me time to compare, look for better options and to make up my mind before final purchase. Please change it back so we can actually see in our carts, thanks!.
Absolutely love this app!! Great deals, quick and free shipping, if you keep items in your cart amazon will notify you when the price drops, they always have products that I cant find at my regular stores, they have great suggestions of items to buy that I never thought of that's really came in handy, plus you get amazon prime tv app and the monthly price is way cheaper than Netflix! Your first month is free so ty it for yourself and you won't be disappointed..
Can't sign into the app. Keeps redirecting me to approve through a link and when I do it still isn't logged in.
Your latest update says the same thing it said last time. With limited space on my phone, I need to know if what is in the latest update is something I really need. Please do better!.
After update the app doesn't even want to open?!?!? What is going on? Very disappointed.
Not worth it. Buy in person. Ive been locked out of my account, i cant prove i own my own credit card!? Yea its called work address for delivery and another for home. Finally get help by making a new account they just resend bot mail asking for your banking stataement...👎 It worked totally fine buying a gift card with cash, which they will not let you do with a card because of the banks charge. But refilling an account with a cc causes lockouts? Big shock. Wheres my money i already put on???.
Why do i have to scroll left out right to view my search results. The previous and next buttons aren't even shown on my note 9. I need to scroll... Gabriel are off the right of the screen. And the buttons are huge. Also search results don't start until halfway down the screen. I don't have any screen zoom on and this is the only app that doesn't fit my screen.
I would agree that it's probably one of the best shopping apps you can count on the most. Amazon really cares for their customers and do a great job keeping you satisfied..
Full screen for a pc or laptop now shows in app when searching for products and there is no way to make it smaller. The product listings appear so large I have to scroll just to see the full picture and I have to scroll to see the rest of the page..and I'm talking horizontally, not vertical. What the heck did you guys do, and can you please fix it?.
I very rarely give a bad review, but I am trying to select Australia as my country and it automatically says New Zealand... Maybe they think it's the same thing? Not sure. But app keeps constantly crashing as well, gonna delete it..
I absolutely love this app. Its mostly because of prime. You can order things and get it the same day ( I mean , come on this is fab) or the following day. They also keep you up-to-date on where they are and how many stops they are from you. Its an overall excellent standard of service and the products are all reasonably priced too..
I DONT KNOW WHAT IS HAPPENING BUT THIS APP KEEPS CRASHING. MADE MULTIPLE REPORTS NO ONE HAS ANSWERED. FIX THE PROBLEM PLEASE..
For months now yall keep sending out updates but the updates are NOT FIXING ANY ISSUES!!!!! You can't access anything on the app without everything being blowen up and have to scroll all the way to the right for a "next" button. I refuse to use the Amazon app simply because NO ONE CAN USE IT!!! Please fix this problem or I'm sure people are going to delete this app simply because it's not functional. Very disappointed..
This app is ok. I used to love using it until the last couple of months. I pay for Amazon Prime and I am considering canceling it. Used to get packages in a couple days but now it comes a week or two later. If I am getting it the same way people without prime are getting. It is no need to pay additional money each month..
It would have taken me less time to travel to another city, order my books from your competitor, and drive home than to use this app to order them. I know this because I just did it. Its been over an hour and it still hasn't processed the change I made to shipping..
App will not longer let me log in. It keeps sending me emails stating I have to approve myself to log into the app?? Once I do that it simply starts over again. I go to log in and it Amazon sends me another email to authorize it - without ever letting me actually log in. Just running in circles here..
Worst app! They won't let me use my VPN while I watch Amazon Prime shows!!! I use VPN for safety, security and privacy. Stick it in your ear Amazon!!!! Prime cancelled!!!! I'm noticing recently that also it's blocking certain VPN servers from even shopping. The app is slow and clunky and disorganized and awful to use. just type in the band name and try switching for digital music you can't even filter at you have to go and to the department and then type in the name which takes extra time!!.
When shopping in the app on my galaxy s10 the items displayed are so zoomed in and enlarged you have to scroll up and down and side to side just to view 1 item. I just go to the website which is the same interface but without being zoomed in so ridiculously close to everything. Cant find anything in the app that allows me to adjust this so I dont really use it. It is useful only in the sense that my phone gets pop-up pin notifications for my items when they are shipped, delivered, etc..
Why my orders made in desktop computer is not showing here. This app is not synchronize with the browser amazon site in desktop..
The payment method is absolute garbage as it declined each time when I have enogth money on my card and to make it worse it doesn't ask for 3 digits on back of the card.
Being a prime member definitely has is benefits, returns are easy and deliveries are fast!.
Extremely laggy on my Galaxy S20, keeps freezing. No other app on my phone does this..
Brilliant app. Can order the stuff I want that is in my wish lists & delivery is usually very quick..
The app need extra filters depending on the type of product you search, especially electronic devices..
I kinda wish there was a dark mode, and I kinda don't like the cart looking zoomed in. I'd also add a "report seller/product" button to mobile..
Use to work fine, suddenly stopped working and instantly crashes now..
I love this app they always arrive on time & I ALWAYS get what I want so thank you for your app..
"Uh oh something went wrong on our side" fix that damn app, it never works....
Makes shopping for special occasions quick and easy as well as pretty affordable..
Most searches I find what I'm looking for. I go back and forth between Amazon and Ebay to compare prices..
Though I overall enjoy this app, there are a few improvements I want. 1. Dark mode; it is very bright when its dark. 2. Better search suggestions When searching, the suggestiuns show what you typed & a little more, then 3 dots. It should have 3 dots for what was typed & show much more so you know your choosing the right thing. 3. Managing content I can't check a checkbox next to content to do something. Clicking on more actions next to it only shows content info, no actions to take..
Whatever you guys did, you fixed the issue. Thanks again. Still an amazing app. Love it and it's always my go to for holiday shopping..
I used to use this app all the time, but the icons on my phone are so zoomed in that I cannot see anything without scrolling all over the place. I end up backing out of it because I get frustrated. I even contacted customer support, but they were unhelpful and I cannot find any way to fix this. Please fix this and I will give a higher rating..
World's Largest Cloud Service Can't Make A Functional App...seriously? Servers aren't overloaded, that's a crock. Needs redesign of app & backend inventory system. App always been SLOW but now just doesn't work. Product selections ie color/qty do nothing; want to see this in your room? Oops, can't do that. Heck, the special Fire Tablet app version is worse than phone app! Search function is little more than tiered list of advertised products, 'Amazon's choice', etc. Worse with every update. Sad.
New shop look for xbox section is laughable. You can no longer look at more than the four games you have displayed for each section. Before you could click on either "new games", "below $10", or "based on your views" and see the corresponding too to bottom list that included many games. This is gone. All you see is four games the developers decided to splat on each category. Please fix..
Every since the redesign with the teal theming this app has become awfully slow. It freezes, stutters, and at times even stops responding altogether. The old, black themed app used to work fine on the same phone. I hate using it now. Friends with modern, faster phones report the same problems, so it's not due to my old 2016 Android phone..
Keeps freezing, causing my phone to restart. Fix it asap. (10/23/20) Twitter: @PlayboyTee4.
Having received the latest update, I have followed the instructions to turn on Amazon Smile but it's not in my settings or anywhere else!.
I loved my app until the past month - now it is flickering and the "next" button had to be aligned just right to find it (otherwise it's invisible). These glitches make it difficult to shop - migraines from the flickering, and giving up on searches due to the next page issues. Please fix - sounds like everyone is having issues..
Decent in the whole. App crashes phone when trying to delete items off wish list. Please sort..
This app is so great!!! Arrived on time!!! I recommend this app for online shopping!!!.
Extremely poor security. Very slow and unreliable app. Poor UX design. For company like Amazon to use 2005 style website is below low..
Always works perfectly. User's don't take the time needed 2 really understand it's amazing power 2 perform all requests..
Its nice to find a lot of basic stuff but a lot of stuff is made and shipped from China. I wish there was an option to only buy "local" or select different countries..
Despite other apps and internet working I constantly get this stupid oops no internet dog page. Makes browsing deals and for items very unenjoyable..
Honestly makes shopping harder. Slow, unresponsive, fails to load..
Doesn't work. Wether thru Google ir directly from app it becomes a blank screen of my home screen. POS app from POS company.
Great way to find whatever your looking for at an affordable price..
They suspended my account for "suspicious activity" and when I tried to get it back they refused. Fix your system Amazon..
Was unable to choose the "free" delivery option that I was eligible for - I had to pay, or get Prime. I had to complete the purchase on my computer instead..
This app has generally been very good until recently when it will not let me adjust the filtering system options when searching for items, no matter how many times I tap a different option it won't register, making searches via the app tiresome and long..
UH OH Something went wrong on our end. This app has never been great, but now it is awful, unusable, and a waste of time. Have you ever come across a broken website where nothing parsed correctly and the pictures are all broken? It's like that and also has horrendous loading times..
Yea its a good app .but logo needs a new fresh look in stead off the shopping trolly jaz it up and make so that people can change the colure.
Dont get it it's a multi million dollar company but when you try to buy something your account gets suspended and they will purposely make a case why your account got suspended I tried to buy a gaming PC and some other item and I got suspended Amazon if you see this unsuspended my account and fix the app please..
I like how you guys set up the page that repeatedly pops up to get you to upgrade to prime. One day I accidentally clicked in it and expired my free month without me being ready to test it out. You guys are all crooks and I reccomend WISH to everyone because it has the same items but for fraction of the cost. WISH also has the BEST customer service.
Ugh! This has become the slooowweeesst of all my apps. Not only has it become slow but I can't use my business account, I keep getting logged out and my smile account continuously needs verified. I have taken to using my browser instead when placing my orders. This has become such an issue as far as my business account that I've already begun looking for other vendors to purchase from. They may not have Amazon's turnaround but they aren't touting an app for me to use that doesn't work..
Great selection but the app lags quite a bit loading images, loading results, often without much obvious explanation. I typically have an LTE or 140Mbps connection at home, so connection speed is not an issue. Aesthetics of the app also leave something to be desired, but that's the same for the desktop website..
The app glitches a bit not so bad. The only bad thing that happened is that I bought something then when I cancelled it, it was off my products but the money hasn't refund it's been 2 days, it shows pending on transactions. I already asked what was going on to amazon they said it would take about 2 to 5 days for the money to come back I'll update in 7 days unless the money is back before. Edit: soon.
I have been ordering from Amazon for years and I love it. I see so many bad reviews about this app but personally I have not had any problems with it. Sure, nothing is perfect but I haven't had anything serious happen either. I use the app on my phone and my tablet and still things seem fine. My phone isn't new anymore either and it works fine for me. I guess it's different for everyone..
Constantly crashing when trying to edit and update my wish lists..
Search is useless. Tells me there's thousands of matches yet the first page includes unrelated items. If I specify a size or colour I don't want other sizes or colours. If I specify a particular material I don't want other materials. I don't want a business account, yet every listing has a full page ad for it before the item description. As for special deals - I was offered £30 off an item I was considering purchasing but found it £70 cheaper than the offer price elsewhere....
This Amazon - Shopping - App'. By Amazon - Mobile - L.L.C. Is An Amazingly - Excellent Shopping - App'. With Some Amazingly - Excellent - Deals!!..
Works great and actually like using the Amazon app better then the browser on my computer. Easy to use..
Charges you automatically, and you have to use Amazon for almost everything, like My Fire Stick..
A great way to find what you need quickly and easily, at great prices for anything! 👌💯.
Too much info on one page. Have to move the screen to see everything.
Very good and handy, more efficient than the website oftentimes..
Apps okay but we've had multiple parcels 'prime next day' that have taken weeks to arrive - despatched by Amazon too!.
Everything is so big now, I like to see a whole page when browsing not just 1 item. Will uninstall.
I use Amazon for most goods, so this works great for usage, tracking, looking for all items..
Its a nice app I could have given it 5 start but the its not global shipping fair. It charges triple a price of the product. Its too expensive to buy with amazon. I am based in Africa but your shipping dicourage my interest in this app..
This app is great. It works really well most of the time but when trying to view a larger image of a product it simply shows a continuous spinning wheel. You are then unable to view the larger image. This is very frustrating. It would be very helpful to have this restored as it worked perfectly before..
Can't even sign in. Get the text. Approve the login. Re-open app and asks you to sign in again.
Plus size items are a joke. Items advertised as such are definitely not!! Be nice to have more filters for actual plus items. Filters for "your orders" at least delivery pending, realistic expected delivery dates.m! Search orders, inste of scrolling endlessly. Specific details at beginning of description (size quantity etc.) Or each item has own order #, as each ships&charges at different times. ='s extra time for customer to track purchases. PLEASE $1store quality product @ $$$ price.. PLEASE!.
The only problem i have is that when they changed the filter layout is that the filters don't work any more so say that I was looking for a certain item like a jacket and I go to select the type it'll highlight but won't filter it it will stay the way as if you just tapped search.
So recently it has been crashing and freezing and it has never done that before I have updated, uninstalled, reinstalled and it's still doing that and I don't know why, anyone have any ideas and it's happened within the last month or so..
Honestly probably one of the worst apps I regularly use, crashes often, some things just don't work, buttons sometimes don't work. Might as well just use the desktop site in a browser, sure it sucks but at least it works..
The search on this is awful, it seems to stop loading randomly, and it seems to randomly bombard me with notifications for stuff I don't need or Amazon promotions. I've gotten seven notifications for "prime day" in the last 24 hours and another one this morning. If I turn off notifications I don't get delivery alerts..
Latest app refresh has meant that on an S9 plus I can't read any customer reviews on the product prior to product purchase. My biggest criticism is the shockingly bad chat support I experienced when trying to get help with this. I explained myself clearly 6 times to different operatives. Eventually one told me that they would look into it. Got an email 1 hour later referring to my chat session asking me to clarify which review on which product I was not happy with. My wife has no issues S9..
I love the fact it has from $1.00-1000.00 option of everything u need... This app is everything rolled into one.
Is it me or has a recent change to the app meant half the product descriptions don't show up? For clothes it now never seems to show the size guide. The results on the search screen also look weird now and worse than they used to be. Normally this app would be 4-5 stars but at the moment it's 3 at best..
Impossible to track orders, constantly presents blank screens that never load. Effectively useless as an app..
Unusable! When scrolling down through items the pictures disappear!! Very frustrating!!!.
Most horrible site, and most horrible customer service. Their cards are linked to synchrony bank. The card has a variable credit limit. Because all my other cards are2 months behind on reporting to creditors, Amazon lowered my credit limit without notifying me unti after the action was done. Cute and adorable, after my last 38$ is payed off, I am closing my account. Worst online store ever...ever..
It's amazing but occasionally I'll buy something and it never ships, normally when something is really cheap. I think a few years ago I bought a little necklace for 3 dollars and it has never arrived. But every other order I've had has been perfect and flawless..
Can't login anymore using Android 11. Sends a SMS for login verification, clicking on the link closes the app..
So how are we meant to look at deals when the product image's keep disappearing, every time there are deals and lightning deals this happens, end up just giving up looking..
The app only works when it wants too which for me is almost never, how can Jeff Amazon be the richest man in the world when his platform barely works.
I downloaded the Amazon app because of a promotion that they offered me. $20 off of my purchase through the Amazon app but after I claimed my voucher coupon and downloaded the app and was ready to make my purchase it didn't take off the amount that was offered which was $10 off first purchase and $10 off my second purchase that had to be made 24 hours after my first purchase which is a total of a $20 voucher. I called Amazon and they do not have any record of that on my account so I'm deleting..
Every time I open an amazin link that launches the app it freezes up and never launches..
Before I got this app I have created a business Gmail and when I used it to make a new account I was able to buy one thing a simple headphones for gaming but when I bought a VR headset and put in $2,000 at least they shut down my account what they don't tell you in the guidelines is that you can't buy something expensive what is a new account. Of course I didn't know that because it didn't say anything so I've been trying to get to get my account open or at least get my money back no luck.
Amazon discriminates against visually impaired customers. I cannot even search for products using my phone. it simply sticks on the main screen. Amazon has been notified several times about this problem, and has refused to fix it..
Suddenly cannot sign into app. Changed passwords and approved via 2-factor text auth but app won't log in..
Seriously, how long are they going to roll out updates that do nothing to fix the search result issue? It's magnified so I can only see one item of a two item wide list. I have to move the results around just to see everything. Back and forth. Back and forth. TERRIBLE UX..
Broken MFA Journeys. Happy and support going through a multi factor auth journey when signing in. But, on Android this journey is broken. Takes me to a web view to authorise, but doesn't take me back to the app. When I manually navigate back to the app, no token is shared, meaning I'm not signed in and stuck in an auth loop...surely Identity is a shared service and you're running device fingerprinting, meaning you could tie the auth events together...very poor..
They removed reviews! I noticed the app's functionality has slowed, considerably. Updates over the last few months haven't improved it. They recently removed the reviews. To me that is mind boggling. Reviews are what helped to make Amazon the company it is. Since you can't look, touch and inspect an item at a physical location, one is dependant on legitimate reviews. I never buy anything online without reading the reviews first. Terrible decisions going on with this company recently..
Why offer up your data for Amazon in exchange for a worse interface than just using Firefox... It blocks my password app so I have to enter it manually every time, every time requires an email, and now they've added security so that when you click over to approve the login you can't reopen the app... This security is over the top and makes this app unusable, uninstalling...
I keep trying to sign in to my account via the app, and it sends me a text notification to confirm that it's me logging in, but then I click the link to confirm, and it doesn't transfer to my app. It just takes me to the Amazon page on my browser. I literally cannot access my account via this app, so what's the point?.
The latest update made it almost like a webpage and look like everything is zoomed in where it scrolls the page sideways. Also it's as if it has the old school webpage viewer that had the items in blocks instead of a list and thete is nonway to customize the list. This is very annoying also no matter what I search when i choose prime only it only shows one option for what i searched. Please fix the issue. I have already emailed them about it too, and I see several comments where It's not just me.
I haven't been able to use it for any shopping, the app & the desktop version have 2 working payment methods that I always use, but now they are not accepted even though I went back in twice to make sure it's correct. I have 2 supplements that were supposed to come tomorrow but Amazon doesn't recognize the me, the cards, my password, nothing!.
There's a problem in new update. When you sort search results by price many of result won't be shown. For example if you sort results by price: high to low , when you reach last page you see something at 60$ and when you sort them by price: low to high , you see results start by 40$ stuffs..
Why is everything in the search results SUPER ZOOMED IN????? There is no way to unzoom.... why is it set up like that now? To go to the next page, you have to scroll all the way to the right?? This app used to be amazing.. now I'm just irritated when I try searching. Ughhh!! Please FIX!!!!.
Please change the zoomed in double wide search results. Impossible to see anything..
Catastrophic! Metro sent me a a gift so, I decided to partake. I follow there instructions. When I get to the finalize order page its mysteriously stuck. I try to re-enter the promotional code, it's says it's been redeemed. I try to track the order. There is none showing. It did however manage to ad prime to my account. I try to reach customer service. It's says I need the app. I load the app. The app sends me through an email verification. I verify. Go back to the app. It ask me to verify again.
This app has caused no end of security issues with my account resting is locking of account for 24 hours and resets of all my echo devices and fire TV stick even after following all the security checks. Somehow having the app puts you in a continuous security loop. Amazon need to spend some money and employ some proper developers rather than the useless amateurs they currently have developing their software!.
Amazon and Amazon Prime and this App are all worthless anymore the info on the App is always different than what customer service tells you,borderline False Advertising and there is NO Reason to pay for Prime when Amazon cant deliver on time and any quicker than E-bay! Which is where im taking my business too! Dump Amazon!!.
Effective. How to printing invoice is what I can't seem to figure out..
I love Amazon shopping and getting stuff for my children it is very nice to get stuff and it's very helpful to find next world and i stuff this app is very nice and has very nice stuff and it never comes damaged.
never ever use this app the contact us staff are exceptional at lying .weeks of being told my refund was happening for it never to happen also its very user unfriendly.
Good app, but it drains a good bit battery for your android phone..
App fails to open anytime I attempt to access it from the SERP, forcing me to open it manually and re-search fot the item I want to buy..
So I DL'd this especially for PRIME DAYS(10-13,14-20). Worked OK @ first. Noon day 2 stopped dead/force closing. Multiple attempts @ restart. Uninstalled, DL'd & reinstalled. FAIL. Not only that but their promotions never materialized. Example; Spend $20 get $20 for shopping off the app. Made several seperate buys = NOTHING. Small Business $10 gets $10 = NOTHING. Finally got C.S. to credit me. Told me $20 was activated also never happened. UnAPPealing BASIC lacking visual appeal. Negative Exp..
Seems to not launch when opening an amazon link But tried to so doesn't open the website either. Please fix.
Amazon prime is a waste of cash unless you must have something quickly. The so called free delivery is in fact false as they just build it into the price! Identicle orders are cheeper with (albeit not as fast) other online "outlets" and this can be quite a saving at times. The app works as it should though so is more a moan about amazon really. Pis don't always allow you to view either! When I click to view image, they often don't load?.
You can get most anything you want at Alice's restaurant...Umm, sorry! I just couldn't resist a little attempt at humor! Seriously, you can find lots of items on Amazon and have them delivered right to your door, and in most cases, in days, not weeks. The app makes it easy to browse, find what you want, and order with just a few taps. Thumbs up!.
Something has changed in the last few days. Images dont load anymore or they will appear as blurred or just striped colours. Needs a looking into as the current experience of shopping is horrendous and you cant figure out what your looking at. Shame as its amazon lighting deals right now and i cant browse to see the deals.. :(.
Was great but now no reviews. Used to love this app but after the update I can no longer see any reviews. Some products do let you click on them in the discription section but it's now all really confusing and most products have no way of getting to the reviews. Pls sort it out, as app is pretty much useless as a research tool.now..
Why is the app so zoomed in like this update bugs the hell out of me I can't see the products because they are way too zoomed in and I can't zoom out to adjust it. Amazon you need to fix your app the old version was better and I'm not the only one with this issue either there are plenty other reviews..
Since the update having lots of issues. One being the photos are all out of whack when trying to view a item. Search engine is all over the place. I was looking for a 90deg -8AN fitting and all the results were for romance novel books that had not a single word in them even close to what I typed in..
It's too damn slow! About lists...If I want to see them, I select 'Your Lists' from the main menu options. I'm immediately one list and then an option to see all lists. This makes no sense. I use to have a love-hate relationship with Walmart. Now it's Amazon..
The search filters are not functional. I want search for a specific item and it WILL NOT allow me to refine and performs some sort of autocorrect. I need to use sites like camelcamelcamel OR google to find what I'm looking for BEFORE I make a purchase. I do most of my shopping from Amazon but, this app wastes my time..
It looks like some kind of bug, when u click on product and then it displays its title, image etc, the text and the advert disappears from thr screen and its replaced by white background. U can only see the Amazon banner and then the product image. But if u scroll little down and hide the title a little bit everything is displayed..
The app wont let me do anything, when i open it all i get is the amazon search bar and a few categories, the rest is just white..
Won't let me login on new phone. Crashes every time on 2 factor auth on top of obnoxious captcha. Rage inducing..
It's always so easy to use & so many options + returning is SUPER easy..
Love this apps very convenient and save time to shop instead going to store just a few stuff..
The layout of the app fine, the return policys are really good, it's amazon not much else to say.
Havent been able to use for over a week. Just crashes as soon as i open the app.
Amazon only want your money. Why do you think they list the same thing over and over and over again. Wasting your time. Anything you are looking for electronic related to your vehicle. Crutchfield is the place to go. Hands down! They know what their doing! Compared to Crutchfield. Amazon is a wanna be nothing. All electric vehicles they want to do. Causes more damage to the environment by mining for the precious ore for the batteries. Screw amazon!!!.
Positive shopping with a clear entry to payments and wide range of products..
Its a wonderful app it works all the time for me when I use it and I cant imagine a better app to buy things on.
not sure what happened in the most recent update but I can't renew my membership. it let's me type all my info for my card and ect. but when I click to renew, the app refreshes itself then crashes. if I'm charged for this, it better be returned as I cannot use the benefits at all. PLEASE HELP.
It is amazing and all my packages came perfectly done! The only thing that I don't like about it, is some people have prices on there for $0 but the shipping is a lot of money. But besides that I definitely recommend! 😍.
Im having so many issues with this app some pictures are so huge an the pervious button an next button are so far apart i shouldn't have to slide to the next screen for the next button..the pervious and next button should be side to side and the pictures take up my whole screen..it wasn't like this before...not happy 😒.
Keep putting password in, sent a text to confirm it's me, go to link given and approve it, told to sign in again, infinite loop..
I Love, Love This App!! Number One Reason being... with this COVID-19, I don't get out as much as I used to so it's very convenient for me to shop without coming into contact with others. Plus I can take my time shopping, No Line No Waiting. . . Thank You Amazon💜💜💜.
They changed the layout to be really inconvenient. At least now I dont impulse shop because seeing the screen fills me with rage. It used to be perfect and now I cant even see a whole picture when I scroll. I literally cannot zoom out anymore and the whole screen is one picture..
My whole phone shouldn't lock up removing an item from my wishlist. That has happened consistently and is making it inconvenient to shop from my phone. I highly respect Amazon and if this is a bug maybe simplify the processes and make it quicker and more accurate. If my phone locks up I can't use it and to continually reset diminishes my capability of staying in communication with my people. I don't have "homies" and my circle is VERY small and VERY tight so this is a BIG issue..
Was working, not anymore. All of a sudden I can't see or read ANY reviews. They are completely missing from each item. Even if I use a browser to view "desktop" its still missing. Only on a pc can I see them. Plus posting reviews are causing errors..
I try to sign it, but the safety features are buggy and restarts the app. I can't even sign in. A waste of time and space.
Easy ordering and informative for every item!!! Quick delivery!!!!.
Update makes it terrible, any link sent to me through any messeging app will open amazon links on chrome instead of the app itself.
I love this app shopping when you're stuck at home is a nightmare and I'm not talking about the carona virus I'm stuck in all the time since my husband passed away. So amazon has been a great help! Thank you..
Everytime i scroll down a list all the pictures disappear. Please fix the app!!.
Easy to navigate, constant updates of your orders..
For some reason lately cannot play half the product videos..
Can take up to a minute to load. Sliw, sluggish app..
We find this App increasingly damn irritating! More so after all recent updates: SACK THE DAMN PROGRAMMERS, THEY HAVEN'T GOT A CLUE!! This, on 4 devices, including a Amazon Fire. Why is it's now harder to search? As when adding in a search word: it all disappears, GRR! Hate HAVING TO KEEP USING FILTERS for each choice! App consistently performs like it's wrote be noob programmers, crashes/freezing, & increasingly wasting time when searching! Now at the point of resenting to use App. Hate it!!!.
I can do d almost anything I need on Amazon. I've been a prime member for the past seven years and love it..
I love Amazon this app their music app. Sometimes I like to just browse and I love how when I first open the app and on my home page (for lack of a better term) there are products that are there for me because of what I like & buy. Also love amazon prime video being a Prime member is worth it not just in the two day shipping for free with all the TV shows and all the movies they have as well..
New update fogged it up. Now when I try and look at images of products they are all stretched out and weird looking. Everything was perfect before last update. Why all the updates. I can see updates for security purposes but if it ain't broke don't fix it..
The new app design is terrible. It's like the app is "zoomed in." And you can't "zoom out" either. Makes it very hard to find what you are looking for..
Remember Wish? This is bordering on that. App is wonky, does not let you move around your own lists and such. And the service! They use unreputable companies 2 deliver (looking at you JoeyCo that STOLE hundreds of $ of Echo's 3 different times!) There is no compensation. Unless you call expedited shipping I assumed we got with our Prime membership compensation. So EVERYONE knows Amazon LIES about Prime members getting 1 day. We get 'the fastest the seller affords'. So shady and Wish-like!.
Used to love shopping through the app but the latest version is very hard to use. The filters on top are not used friendly and viewing the products do not all show up on my screen. I have to view them by scrolling side to side not up and down like before. PLEASE fix this Amazon!.
NEED TO FIX THE APP! not only do they not ship out for days (yes with prime), they also dont charge till they ship out, causing a lot of confusion, and there's no option even close to fix this in setting, not only that, but when you try and place an order and you happen to close the app (just hitting the home button), when you open it again it freezes and you have to start all over again, I had to put in a new card, address and name 7 times becuase I had to answer texts!.
App works fine. Sort of. But yall need to address this. And that's me getting recommended items and having to scroll through endless lists of pointless stuff that has no relevance to me, and it just repeats itself over and over. Why do u not block repeating posts ? If a seller has more than one, that's why the word 'quantity' exists. I have a chevy truck. I go looking for brakes. Why would u recommend a WHOLE PAGE of Nissan brakes? Or any other? It makes no sense. Put in some effort. Lazy.
Can't see reviews anymore! About 3 weeks ago the app stopped letting me click the hyperlink to see product reviews. When I scroll to the bottom where they're typically located, all I can see are questions. Emailed Amazon twice about it. First said to reinstall (did 3 times), second inquiry met with no reply at all..
Anyone else been facing issues with their packaging lately? I've received 3 orders open/without Amazon packaging. Surprising because this has never happened before..
After the update the apps Your Order screen became completely disorganized with no setting to fix it. Not worth it.
The Best!! I'm sooo satisfied to all the product I ordered.100%Good...And the delivery sooo fast!I love Amazon❤❤❤❤.
Shipping feature not working anymore...when selecting a shipping method the app just stalls out. Have to use web version..
Never had an Amazon account never used it but yet it is taking monthly fees out of my account have contacted amazon and emailed them and still nothing has changed 😡🤬.
Regularly gives me the little dog picture to show there is an error, making the app unusuable..
Dark mode please, thanks. Really would like dark mode. Still needs dark mode. Wow, thanks for the blinding white..
I can't email myself invoices for my expense reports through the app, and that's ridiculous. Also, it's incredibly stupid to have 2 separate grocery lists for Whole Foods app; I will not pay two separate delivery fees, and I can't even filter out items by grocery distributor; I have to wait until checkout to find out what Whole Foods can't deliver.
I usually love using the app but since the update more and more has been going wrong, from scroll, to app crashes and now the ;find this look feature, won't work, when I click it, it just turns off the app completely. Anyways really a bummer.
This is an amazing app, I would give 5 stars but.... It has been very glitchy lately, the pictures are lagging and when I try to select a size it goes haywire. Please fix this!.
Utterly useless. The way the sign in process works is you get stuck in an endless loop of starting the process and getting text messages. If there was a list of the worlds most uselessly infuriating things ever. This app is too uselessly infuriating to get on it!.
Far too buggy. Opening links from apps outside the app doesn't work without first opening the app then switching back to the other app before clicking the link again. Tracking delivery doesn't display the map properly. I wouldn't expect bugs like this from a company with the resources of amazon..
Browsing is back to normal with most recent update! Thank you amazon team!.
Will give more stars as soon as you fix the issue with me going to cart then it saying there's an issue on there end to go to home page. Meanwhile hour ago it worked flawlessly. It happens atleast once a day for 5minutes to 2hours or longer I can't go to cart to order anything.Also sometimes I push "add to cart" and I have to hit it more then once to get it to go through once!Also I'm on wifi mostly yet it loads very slowly!Sometimes it says no internet yet I can use the Amazon website! Fix it!.
Was working for awhile but it won't load at all I get is a white screen.
The app hasn't worked at all since the most recent update on 11/02..
Fine but really hate how they insist on putting prime everywhere on the payment page, so many people must click on the prime without thinking its wrong.
Outstanding platform and best way to order any type product!!.
Crashes and freezes up my entire phone constantly! Ridiculous!.
The Amazon shopping app works great on my tablet and my phone. I use it all the time.
Cannot switch country on settings, got stuck in uk site. Works better in iOS..
Search is terible, filters minimal and not always functional..
It is convienent but now that I have reinstated the whole Smile thing, I can't move things or delete them from my lists. It freezes my phone so badly I can't even turn my phone off! It is getting really frustrating!.
Love amazon while having prime otherwise not a fan of service unless I'm subscribed with prime. Been using it on and off for almost six years. Also trying to remove alexa button it's in worst place and I accidentally press it way too much for comfort. I hate voice assitant in general and only use google when I'm using a smart device otherwise bixby, alexa, and google assistant are disabled removed etc..
Impossible to navigate. For some reason no matter what I search, this app blows up the screen results to 500% zoom which makes actually browsing impossible unless you're using a drive in screen and nothing I do fixes it. It's not the phone because everything else works perfect except Amazon. On galaxy s10+.
Great app but new filters restrict search options. I used to filter by Subscribe and Save only or only display white trainers, but now, inexplicably, I can no longer so this on the app and have to use my desktop PC instead. Hugely frustrating when developers remove useful features. Please reinstate..
I have installed, uninstalled and installed again. Every time I try to upload my medicaid card the app stops working. I even tried something different to upload & it did the same thing over & over & over. This app needs to be fixed. Not working properly. 😭🤷.
The app makes it impossible to manage wishlists. If you dare to tap the 3 dots for more options on an item in your wishlist, it either takes more than 10s to load the options and execute the order. Or sometimes it crashes. How difficult it is to make this not a technical nightmare??.
No dark mode, and it seems they have once again moved where to find product reviews. After scanning 10 different items trying to find the reviews button or section, I've found nothing despite 10k+ people reviewing items. Lucky Google has their act together that not only can I find the reviews for this app, I can write my own review..
Terrible for the last couple of months. I'm outside of the USA and the page refreshes 3 times as you're typing in the search. First it changes your location then no idea why it does it again. Really frustrating to type your search in 3 times..
A big company and yet when clicking on the items photobto view the product it has problems loading. Get that fixed and then I'll raise the stars.
I'm addicted... Thank you Amazon delivery in my area for being so great about your daily trips up my driveway... It's really a great app, one of my most used.
It's a real search to find a items it does well after I get I get used to it gets better.
Terrible. Just unusable on my Samsung A70 Just lines of text, no pictures no navigation. Even if I access via Chrome browser I can't see a useful thing... Yet any other shopping site works fine via app or via Chrome. What happened?? No working App means all my shopping is going elsewhere!!.
It would be nice if the search results would show only the items one is searching for. Unfortunately, it shows a large number of irrelevant items thus making the searching much more difficult. I consider that a somehow aggressive advertisement..
It used to work great, but now I have to hold my phone horizontal to see all the search results. The filter bar is easier to use than before, but that won't outweigh the difficulty in shopping now that the search results are all messed up.
I really love using Amazon wardrobe but it's impossible to find options for it. Could you maybe have a tab in advanced search for wardrobe only shopping? It sometimes is there but not always. I'll search clothes and there isn't an option for it.
It is not possible to filter search results anymore. You must go by predetermined categories rather than filter your search results..
I love Amazon! I get items that are most important to me sent to my home instead of having to go out and risk catching the Coronavirus, this is a life saver! Not just this shopping app, but others aswell such as Walmart etc... any app like this which you want to shop online and stay home is a plus!.
Please restore this app!!! It's doing well, but we always have to create a new account each time we sign in; due to the complexities of the signing in procedures!!! Please ensure that our online orders get to us wherever we're currently located!!! Thanks..
You order stuff you get it ... seamless but why does the app always crash or slow down when I want to delete something from my wishlist ?.
Needs a watchdog on sellers "buying" or ""refunding" customers for good (often false) reviews. This defeats the purpose of reviews for shoppers!.
I signed up for the prime discount & it keeps kicking me out when i try 2 upload info for discount. Each time i call I'm told the same thing it's being worked on call back later. It's been over a week almost 2 & i know they're going 2 charge me full price when my bill is due.My card even got charged twice for the same product I kept both when they came because it was beloves sauce never again though. I was really starting to like Amazon .They did charge full price on today just checked..
App is completely useless for the last week +. On the Today's deals, that is the only tab that populates anymore, lightning deals, upcoming deal and watched deals do not populate are therefore useless. This is absolutely ridiculous especially considering prime days are coming and your app is this pathetic currently??.
Log in loop, whenever i input my otp, it goes back in putting my email address then otp number again.
Been trying to sign into my amazon account for 15 minutes. All of my information is correct, but when I change tabs to my email to approve the fact that it's really me signing in, the amazon app closes, and doesn't add my account. What do you people want from me?????.
Video does not play, photo does not load when enlarged..
Creating an account is uhm bugged? I use mobile number, I recieved the OTP, I enter it and it loads, it deletes what I wrote and asked for OTP again.
Constantly crashing when looking at items to purchase..
Great app has just about anything you are looking for at reasonable prices..
Screen zooms really big making shopping a annoying! Please Amazon listen and fix this issue..
Very good app I love the prime for my next day delivery Sometimes the products can be a bit expensive but its all good.
I like the app in general, but I really wish there was an option to use Amazon Smile from the app..
Stopped working. It'll load, and then immediately pop up with the oops error msg.
Absolutely fantastic packages are always on time or earlier..
STILL can't listen to digital music! I guess because I'm unable to afford paying for subscription services on apps, I'm a third rate customer, and Amazon doesn't care. The music needs to be purchased and downloaded before I can listen! When I open the Amazon Music app, i them get totally random music to listen to!.
VERY inconvenient with laptop especially slower and i can't open more than one tab BIT, laptop died yesterday so its a convenience now!! Im also happy i can use "smile" on phone too now!!! Addicting site with all the deals and especially knowing you'll get your things in 2 days!! So i guess i love it!!.
Usually love this app but today it keeps stopping. Tried clearing cache, switching tablet off, uninstalling app and then reinstalling but still keeps stopping. Problem is, it's only on this tablet. Works fine on other tablet and also fine on my phone.??????????????.
I HATE the fact that the product images are too big for the screen and you miss half of your options if you didn't remember to also scroll to the right. There is NO setting to change this, and it is so frustrating. Love Amazon. HATE whatever update did this!.
Works good only wish could change color of app the light real isn't to manely looking..
thumbnails keep disappearing as I scroll through the listings..
Latest updates make it useless. Giant pictures in a grid format that you have to scroll side to side. And no setting to change it. It's impossible to use. I've been finding alternate solutions to my buying needs..
Last 3 times using this app was absolute HELL!! Very very very NOT USER FRIENDLY!! I have other similar apps and no problems!! I'm uninstalling BK app!.
Works like a charm have had no problems whatsoever using this for a very long time.
Works just like the google one. Love the camera option. Great 👍.
Keeps crashing or saying sorry something on our end while screen goes blank...
It is a great app for finding products, tracking shipments and watching videos BUT I am on a household account and cannot sign in or trade accounts. For ex, everytime I open the app my mothers account opens and I can sign in, I'm forced to shop on her page. So for me its useless..
Great app. Very well organized and easy to search for what you are looking for. My only problem is since the last few updates, I haven't been able to view the current or upcoming lightening deals. Hoping this can get fixed soon..
It is very grateful app for us. We easy to buy everything from this Amazon is trusted and true ..
No sound or vibrations on notifications. Reported by many people on Android and iPhone x and xr. Shows notifications in notifications drop-down, but no sound or vibration so you do not know it's is there. Very stupid. All notifications are turned on in App..
The zoomed in view sucks. Its no longer cohesive. I dont even want to try to find anything. I open the app, search something, and get a quarter of a picture that has very little relevance to what I was searching. Please fix. Xmas is coming and I would like to buy gifts..
I love that I can use the app with Amazon Smile now, but requiring that all notifications be turned on in order to connect to Amazon Smile is incredibly annoying. I plan on deleting the app once Prime Days ends and just using my chrome app to shop Amazon Smile going forward. Nice try Amazon..
Please update the list sections to include a multiple select option to move and delete things from lists. No one has time to manually move/delete multiple things... this would save time, be more efficient, and probably make customer satisfaction higher. Thank you!!.
I hate that if I search on an item, it also displays items from Asia like China or Hong Kong! I have made a purchase from Asia unknowingly and it will arrive in months! There's no option to have this filtered out to avoid it from happening in the future! You would think that a simple option will be available from a big company 🤦🏽‍♂️.
As accessible as my front door. This is the only way to shop, for me that is, on Amazon. Comfortable layout, comfortable experience and basically nothing is noticable, or pays too much attention to itself - which is what I want from an app for an high-end shopping site..
First rate. Easy to use. Lots of great items and things..
doesn't open right...click an Amazon link and only the top and bottom of the app show...the rest is the previous screen.
I cannot buy here at amazon after i order eventually it will dis appear to even i put again all the information they need to buy a product. I repeated plenty times still same things happen..
Sometimes difficult to find item I was previously looking at. Even when it is in my basket.
Easy and quick to shop and come In time and great prices and find almost anything u need.
Always find what I'm looking for and at a great price. And the app is easy to use..
Can't see description of items while browsing. I can see picture and price but description is cropped off at bottom. Very annoying and useless. Also search results are inaccurate. Searched a MEN'S item and the first result was a women's version. This happens every time..
Awesome, superb, completely real, usable, absolutely real, and drastically iconic..
App doesn't work! Uninstalled 2XS. Signed in, but was unable to access my account. Message pops up that says, Oops, something went wrong. I'd say. Not sure what happened to the app. It use to work flawlessly..
Since the most recent update, I have been receiving constant pop-up notifications stating that Amazon Shopping keeps stopping. I cannot force stop the app, there is no change when I restart my phone, and opening and closing the app doesn't help either..
I can't log into my account because when open my browser to respond to the verification link sent to me the app closes and I reopening it takes me back to the sign in where I need to verify my account which repeats the process all over again... This needs to be fixed ASAP..
Will change ratings back to five stars when they fix the search option screen. Everything is to big for the screen making me have to scroll side to side just to look at all the listings. Please change the layout back. Using the app is annoying the way it is..
Love amazon. Great app! Can find anything and great prices!.
These bugs really need to get handled with all the money ya make, I can't even delete old items on my list list without it freezing up and kicking me off...sooo annoying and frustrating to have to start over and go in repeatedly!..ya need to do better. Thanks..
As everyone else has been saying, everything is super zoomed in, makes most searches near impossible to find what I'm looking for. And apparently it's been an issue for a while now with no fix. I don't understand why it hasn't been fixed yet..
This app has become super frustrating to use. It's like my screen is zoomed in and i have to scroll left to right to see everything, without the option to zoom out. I expect better from Amazon. Functionality is lost on this..
Its a little slow and gets stuck from time to time but great values.
I love the convenience of Amazon, I can find almost anything I need!.
The app is broken right now, it doesn't let me change zip code like before and results are way off.
App Freezes A lot, Especially when trying to Edit your Shopping and Wish Lists.
What is wrong with this app now? Everytime me or a family member want to purchase something it always has a add debit card option and at the moment we don't have cards so we have to use gift card balance and i click the gift card option and it wont let me press continue so now we cant get stuff. Plz fix that or take that off because it wasnt there before with other things I've bought so why is it now. we didnt put money in those gift cards for no reason so fix it or we want our money back.
I love Amazon and buy everything from them all the time. The app is very helpful, making things even easier. Things like notifications about sales on item on your wishlist, when items you bought are shipped & delivered. And many other features..
I can't seem to login through the app at all! It's a vicious cycle of getting the text message to approve my login and getting kicked out of the app. I've tried this 4 times with no luck. Amazon, you failed me..
This app turned into a waste of time. It used to be fine but for the past few updates it has turned into the slowest app I have ever used. Walmart and Target apps are much faster and prices are competitive..
I can barely even shop on the Amazon app now with my upgraded new LG k51 phone. It's like 3 quarters bigger than my other phone and so anyways, the app interface when I click it, shows the products and desktop* version of Amazon all zoomed in even though I'm on the app until I can't barely see anything.Uninstalled and reinstalled the app and restarted my phone and still same. I hope it gets fixed soon since it's really putting a damper on my shopping and I'm sure a whole bunch of people like me.
Glitchy! The last few days the app glitches & flashes in & out. I cannot even choose a size without it freezing up. I shop with Amazon every single day but this will cause me to shop elsewhere.
My app has been crashing since 10/24 I can't even get on it..
I love this app but they've now taken the clear tracking option away to a pointless unclear system. I've been waiting in all day because there's now no estimated time slot! What a waste of my time. Put it back to the way it was..
I love this app, especially with amazon prime everything gets here on Time!.
Made 3 purchases at once thinking I'd be alright... I used amazon $500 dollar gift cards but the app added one of my old prepaid vanilla cards as a "backup" without telling me.... This caused me to get suspended for "suspisious behavior" and risk losing $600 on one purchase alone. I have proof that I purchased the gift cards: receipts and all. I've reached out to customer service twice already. They told me my account is "under investigation for the next 24hrs"... it's been 4 days....
Good App with a new bug. When any product is opened and we click on ratings it doesn't go to ratings but some placeholder in between. We have to go up again and click on ratings. Do check this..
UPDATE 10/05/20: The app update still hasn't fixed the wide screen and wide navigation buttons while searching for merchandise. DEFINITELY NOT A MOBILE FRIENDLY APP AT ITS CURRENT STATE. It has been a whole month. I will be uninstalling for the lack of incompetence of resolving the bug issue..
App is visually attractive and works really well. It does perfectly what it's meant to do and can successfuly replace Amazon web page when one wants to do a little shopping on the go..
I would love it more if it didn't go completely black at random times while I'm looking at products..
I am seeing a blank page right now. The app is not working and I can't even check my orders. Why is that? I will edit this rating and review after seeing an answer and the solution. Thank you..
Okay for convenient shopping, but check other apps who may have much better prices before you buy..
What kind of app is this? the filters and sorting are not working. And when you trier to scroll down and check other items the app automically jump to another product or will just start over..
Works good but seems to show items you have seen repeatedly.
Even with the new update the list feature has disappeared. What's the point of the app if it's just like the browser page... very disappointing. I love the amazon app. And I just purchase a prime membership. Please get this fixed..
chat support is implemented poorly. no notifications, and chats suddenly disappear if you go to other parts of the app. in other parts it's just the same website, wrapped into "app". basically, this is near useless..
It wont let me search for anything the Amazon is saying something went wrong on our end when I open the app please fix it it is doing a lot of glitching and it is freezing up please send out a update to the Amazon app and the amazonr shopping app keeps I'm making me how to research everything all over again and it keeps on loading up really slow and freezing up and glitching and not allowing me to click on things.
As of 10-21-2020 update app continues to crash for past month showing a puppy..
Stole my money even after I disconnected the app. I just saw on visa a credit from them and didn't even know they were still taking money. This app is trash and don't give your credit card to them..
EVERYTIME I try to change the shipping address or shipping speed it trys to load and it NEVER STOPS. It's so frustrating! Since the update I have to keep closing and reopening to my cart or hitting the back button and trying again in hopes it will eventually work. HELP!.
Keeps crashing when trying to add comments to wishlist items, now use website as app is hopeless.
Used to love this app, but I can no longer read any reviews on items im looking at. Its not just on my phone, because my husband can also no longer read reviews. Not sure if this is some glitch in the latest update, but it really stinks..
Best online shopping app for everything you could possibly need and want in life..
Please provide an option for non US customers to contact you! I am from the Philippines and have received charges billed from amazon to my bank account when I havent made any purchase yet! when I check the contact us page, only 5 regions are availble to be contacted. I have searched your email address and contact number but it says that it's not availble anymore. PLEASE PROVIDE US, NON U. S. RESIDENTS, WITH A WAY TO CONTACT YOU THROUGH THE APP!! OR AT LEAST PROVIDE AN EMAIL ADDRESS!!.
I can't make an account! It says it's sent the OTP to my email, but I can't find it anywhere!.
App not working at all on tablet, keep saying "not responding"..
Excelent quality products, good tracking and fast delivery, i loved this app.
It's easy to use. Beware of how easy it is to order stuff ;>).
Searches won't update based on filter. This problem just started happening following deal day. It's really annoying that I can't condense my searches..
Can't. Stop. Ordering. Stuff. Great app. Changing in-item options is still so painfully slow, can't someone just fix it, please, it's been years now? Otherwise, it's my consumer gateway to the world along with Google Shopping....
My only complaint is that so often when I click on the app it wants me to sign up for prime immediately upon opening. I ALREADY HAVE PRIME!! Besides that it's simple to use and wouldn't be without it on my phone..
They keep messing about with it and all sorts of problems are starting. Right now i cant read all messages, and cant reply to those. Stop messing about it was working fine, before long ill be uninstalling it for good.
This app keeps locking up !!!!!! Get your *hit together and repair these extremely irritating issues..
Amazon, the app won't login on Android 11!!!!! When you do manage to login it won't remember you, so when you close it and open it again all login details are gone, and you have to do it all over again. Please fix it for oneplus 8 pro on Android 11.
Loved amazon for years... In L.A with Prime... Unbeatable. Now I'm in the boonies unfortunately Walmart is much faster... But, I really miss the 2 hour prime... That was the best. ....
Worse than Worst after update. The app keeps hanging. Its been hard to delete the wish list items. Not sure Amazon has done any beta testing before going live with this crappy app. Not good 😡.
Good to find most items, but a little annoying that the app brings you to the very top of the interface every time you get out linked and then go back, rather than bring you to where you were on the page before you click.
Very bad service I requested and wasted my 48hours on my order totally disappointed from Amazon Deleted Application as well as unsubscribe Prime video... Your team should reach the requirements of customers.... Otherwise no need to show that you can't make on time.... Bbie Amazon shopping & prime video.. Hope so your team will learn and improve your service.
Let me use Amazon smile and stop forcing notifications.... At the same time. Thanks.
Doesn't show all results in the site and lags a lot..
Amazon is a great app for finding and buying products I want and need!.
Poor download , very poor delivery on prime !!!! , cant check delivery always late anyway!!.
When searching for items on your phone, the pictures are so huge that you have to look at an item and move side to side to see the whole picture. Never had a problem before until most recent update. It's very frustrating. Please fix it..
A subliminal messaging / indoctrination platform. This app forces you to see offensive ads, media, and products that you don't want to see with no method of stopping/blocking it. Purchase limits that prevent you from buying in bulk. Jeff Bezos is a greedy, elitist communist..
Unavailable 30+ days Prime Membership. I've been told that an Accounts Specialist will contact me in 1-2 business days a week ago. Then I was just told the same thing again right now by Jake in the security department. Lousy, Lousy, Lousy!!!.
Barely usable anymore. Takes forever to load and drains my battery every time I use it. When trying to add things to my wish list I have to wait for it to unfreeze after I hit the "add to list" button..
love the app but it should be an option to organize your cart like have folders where you could move items in your cart to, like "clothes" or "presents" "house decor".
HATE THE UPDATES!! No longer does it show reviews, which I rely on for sizing, colors, quality, extra info that the description does not include, etc. And there is a ton of additional ads taking up the product's page. I HATE HAVING TO KEEP SCROLLING TO TRY AND FIND THE INFO I NEED TO MAKE AN INFORMED BUYING DECISION. TOO MANY PRODUCT ADS ON A SINGLE PRODUCT PAGE. *Update: still not working right. Now it takes a few minutes to load a page...then says "Oops! Something went wrong"..
I shop on Amazon all the time, however, all search results are WAY too zoomed in and it's extremely frustrating to use. I can't find any way to fix this within the app. If this issue is resolved I'll rate the app higher.
The biggest problem with thia app is the size of it this company should have reduce aize to save memory on phone. Moat company dont really care, it they did they would have more consederation for the customers and there phones. I constantly removing and arranging apps and data on my phone to keep working..
Usually great. I use it most days, but sometimes the pictures don't display. Seems to be happening more and more frequently..
Everything is coming out in Spanish. I downloaded this and it was in English and it keeps switching to Spanish..
Most of the app works, except when it comes to checkout. Whenever I change the options for delivery, the app takes WAY too long to load back. I end up just having to go to the actual website to complete my order because it takes too long..
It's glitchy and foggy. It keeps logging me off everytime.
Some of the pages are a bit off (specifically pages for clothing) and there are some small issues but overall a good app.
Amazon has a lot of wonderful items that you can buy for cheap!!.
I've just a read a few reviews and yes it has become glitchy. Pictures freaking out and I thought that my phone had to go in for repair. Please fix asap before other people think the same that I thought..
It keeps asking me to log in and no matter how many times I do it...it still won't let me use. I've had to resort to using the chrome Amazon page. Kindle also has me locked out the same way. I asked customer service and no help..
Love it but it's been slow and freezes I did the update and everything so idk what's going on with it.
Doesn't load anything, just says "Something went wrong on our end" and gives me the option to return to home which brings up the same screen. Yes, data has been cleared, still doesn't do anything. Useless app.
Some issues here and there. At one point i couldn't even skip adds. But then out of no where that feature was returned. Other than random issues its a solid app..
The layout on my Galaxy S9 is horrible all of sudden. I does not fit on the screen. Really annoying, especially since I use this app a lot..
You make it so hard to search for specific items secondly you don't use or allowed to use voice to text 👎.
Annoying as of late. No longer able to filter by price. The app was great, I used it all the time. But lately Amazon overall has been disappointing and the app is no longer efficient or useful..
First they revoked my ability to do reviews for no reason. Keep in mind all mine were verified reviews. I've been an Amazon prime member since 2008. To say I spend a lot of money on this app is an understatement. Now I can't filter anything. Filters are there but none of them work. Amazon appears to be going down the drain fast..
Me: I want [book title] by [book author] and not the audiobook... Amazon: Herrera 7million results that are completely unrelated to you search, and the only results for you book, are audio... Add more filters and search fields like [hardcopy/audiobook] or [search: author].
Lightning deals and upcoming are blank. Using Samsung S9 with Android 10. I have tried clearing cache, clearing data, un-installing all updates and re-installing updates. Works fine in web browser..
Its so hard to navigate. It keeps making me scroll from side to side in the app. I I miss out on results because its a side scroll and a down scroll. This a terrible design.
Where is darkmode? Should be default on apps nowadays but nowhere to be found. Home tab could use some better layout. Maybe something like AliExpress!.
Great customer service, Also you can find everything in one place!.
A nightmare to use, app freezes and most time is unstable.
This app could use a lite version. Takes up less space, easier on data.
Why the app always keeps on crushing (something went wrong on our end ) Can u please work on it coz we can't repeating going back n forth..
I keep getting oops something went wrong on our end. Customer service cant figure this out. I use the app constant I y and havent been able to use it for a few months. Very frustrated..
Love this wish I had looked into it sooner got banned from ebay for trying to give an item away that i shared from their gumtree app was so unhappy but over the last 6 months I have saved good couple $100 & still yet to receive a faulty item, the packaging is always excellent the postage time is great. Am happy I got banned otherwise I probably wouldn't of looked into Amazon well might of now cause of the show 'The Boys' killer show.
Cannot view lightining deals or upcoming deals using app on my S9 and have not been getting consistent notifications. Better off going to website especially if you are a prime member. I even tried uninstalling and reinstalling. Frustrating and disappointing..
Latest update has issue with lists. Large delay when trying to remove items from your lists. Other times the app will crash or just stop responding when trying to delete items from lists..
Worst flow ever! App doesn't support currency for Denmark, can't find out where to drop off a package, from geo location and forgets anything you were doing almost constantly... Generally a poor experience browsing..
Geez all the updates this app has had, and yet you still seem unable to cure the constant lag and app going unresponsive when trying to delete items from wishlist, the only app that makes my Galaxy S20+ lag! Like it did s10/s9/s8/S7! Terrible! Still doing it years later.
Please remove the Back To Top button that appears. It just gets in the way. And having the book I'm searching for appear 2nd in the list is just annoying. Otherwise: it's a pretty good app..
I have shopped on Amazon for ages and suddenly l can't open the app properly. No more pictures of goods, l have to sign in and get authentication to get onto the app and then there is nothing but loads of lists with no pictures or prices. What is going on Amazon?.
Latest update is AWFUL, when searching for a product you can no longer view options in a neat orderly thread, it is now gigantic images of items in no streamlined order like it used to be and males searching for a product impossible. Back to ebay!.
Any time I search for items it pulls them up like I'm using a browser. One item is so large I have to scroll around just to see it. It won't let me zoom in and out. The app used to work fine. Not sure what happened..
this was pretty good app. from some time updates are making it worse. a lot of BS instead of needed information. now can't read reviews, can't write reviews, search results are poor. uninstalling..
I used to love shopping with this app, but I haven't been able to use it. Everytime I go to open it, I get an alert that it's not responding. Several times, I've opened the app and it crashes instantly..
There should be a delivery instruction option to specify any telephone number, preferred delivery time in the app after an item is bought as the registered or subscribed mobile number may not be in that address at the time.of delivery. You should improve the app by adding this facility..
New update is a lie. Amazon smile does not work in the Application..
Images keep vanishing in deal listing as you scroll down on my galaxy phone. Useless....
Something went wrong on our end error keeps coming up. App is unusable.
Really bad process for gift cards I bought gift card for $500 and they close my account just because I bought gift card and they need prove for that and I send receipt and email from sender and same issue they closed my account and btw that my first time to buy from them 👎👎.
Easy to acces, to find products, delivery is on time or earlier as planned.
Like having a key that opens a shop to all things, kinda' fantastic!.
Amazon is great, but this app looks ancient and is slow loading.
App logs in but says there is a problem loading the page and shows a picture of a dog. The page loads fine to begin with and then it shows that, so for some reason it shows up even though the page is loading..
It's actually good! just make sure your notification is up. I use this for when Prjme delivery is made and they send a pic of where they placed it. No hiccups yet. Could be better on shopping end. But I'm waiting for their improvements to make it 5star..
Love the app generally but for the last two months whenever I go to order something the app completely freezes when I select free shipping. I've had to order as is and then modify my delivery method to free shipping everytime. Updates have not fixed this..
Mostly good app but prime day was a lame and pathetic disappointment, especially for all the hype. I'd filled my cart for a few weeks with things I need and once prime day came around, only a couple things in my cart were like a couple dollars off..
This app is amazing fast delivery and lots of supplies you can even order groceries.
Stop moving the share button!!!!! Leave it the duck alone!!!!! Every god damn time I have to look for it and it's in a new less and less intuitive spot! Also, fix the never clearable notification dot on the hamburger menu, it's annoying as hell!!!.
I love Amazon! They are always accurate and on time!.
Not sure if the difference is a newer phone or not but, the wishlist doesn't show up on the bottom of the app anymore. That was the only reason I used the app instead of the website. No reason to have this app now..
App was working fine until the recent update. Now it takes a while to load and u keep getting oops, there's a problem at our end. Please fix asap..
I have had this app on my previous phone and used it a lot. Now have a new phone and I downloaded the app, which was successful, but I am having problems signing in. Anyone else had problems?.
Uh oh something went wrong constant error message. Cleaning cache reinstall does not fix. Search shows this is an issue that has been present for YEARS. No way to contact Amazon customer service.
Kinda slow sometimes. External links don't load at times as well. Might be a hardware problem though..
Update broke the search filters so the search function is garbage. Once it's fixed ill update the review. Great when it worked now just aggravating to use..
Scrolling left and right sucks! It changed recently and now the search results doesn't fit my samsung galaxi s9 screen, I need to scroll not only down but right/left as well evem to find "next" page button. Love the company, hate the app now! Please please fix this! Pleaaase!.
Amazon at your fingertips! No pop up BS. Sometimes it doesn't load, but I think that's because of the other crappy foreign games I have tried out..
Its sucks. I keep getting sent text messages to verify my account but by the time i get the message I've lost the connection and keep having to start over. I hate this amazon account . I have nothing but trouble trying to gain access..
When and why on Earth the app went to a ballooney 600MB+. I have a 4 year phone, with a quite reduced internal memory, even moving the app to the SD CARD doesn't seem to be helpful enough..
First my packages aren't delivered and now the app won't work. Great job Amazon for screwing up..
Someone messed with this app again. Guys, you keep changing the filtering and its worse than ever. The filters don't filter anything.. useless. Much better off in the browser..
Please fix the presentation of search results. View of results is very zoomed in and requires scrolling to right and down to see a single item. View cannot be adjusted. Discontinuing app use until this issue is fixed..
I intend to use this alot you can get some really good bargains from it and compare the prices to different shops😊 It is one of the Best buying Apps so far I Love It ❤.
I always order from Amazon on laptop..but as I put order in my basket, I was offered £10 if I put app on phone..so I did..2hrs later..not finding banner to tap...customer help advises me I Shòuld get banner If if was 1st time..which it was. Total waste of time. And cheat..
Cannot sign in due to new bug which closes the app when trying to verify identity.
Great besides sending wrong parts for Honda's pretty often it seems. Or the fact they refused to send anything to the post office and sent ordered items to an old address that hasn't been used in 2-3 years. Otherwise, not bad..
Always on time. And very friendly empolyess !.
I have to scroll to the right 4 times to see an image. There is information talking about Tapping then zoom etc but none of that actually does anything. Somehow this needs to be fixed. Very hard to see anything.
Since the last two updates, the app just crashes with the image of a dog with the message 'oops... Something went wrong our end'. It's now unable. Pretty terrible considering Prime Day is next week.
Ugh. No search capability, can't pull up my account. WHY do I even have need of the app? Amazing how the Prime Video app is constantly updated, but they can't even roll back the update that Crashed this app....skip downloading til they fix it!.
They took my money for an amazon exclusive preordered figure kept selling the figure for the next 3 months, and then the day after if should have already arrived they canceled the order due to lack of inventory. This is not the first time they have done this as I found out after from other collectors. Amazon should not be allowed to carry exclusives until they understand how to do a proper preorder and avoid overselling..
Edit: Lost more stars because I can't view any item pictures and it keeps glitching. Can't fault the app but am annoyed that the wishlist tray is no longer an option. Please bring it back..
What happened?! Why has the apps format changed. It doesn't properly fit my phones screen. I have to scroll over to the right to see items. I updated the app in the Play Store and it didn't help at all!!!.
Installed the app because my desktop was running slow...did the same search, found the same results, the same product on my desktop $60 & on the app $72 SAME PRODUCT!! what is that all about?? Removing the app as it ix a scam aparently..
They took away list view!! So hard to shop now, you have to scroll side to side to see only 1 product at a time and you can't even see the full description or price. Super annoying. Also why did they add a permission for physical activity?.
As bad as the mobile website. I expected it to have more functionality, but nope, it's the same thing as the mobile website, but slower. Back to using a desktop version in my browser..
It was very useful until "prime days" 2020. Then it ran continuously and killed my battery on four separate occasions. It's not worth sacrificing my telephone..
Terrible old share menu. Not able to find it most of the time. Amazon get your act together. I am a prime customer. App icon does not meet current Google guidelines and does not display correctly on the pixel launcher..
I have noticed lately that the app defaults to Prime Video when you search for film related criteria rather than defaulting to all categories and then allowing you to drill down to the category you want..
I hate the update to where you can no longer see your cart until you are in the delivery options. What if I want to save something for later?? Not customer friendly at all. It needs to go back to how it used to be!!.
No longer opens when linking from an email, or rather, it opens, but not fully and is not functional. Happy to rate five stars when it actually works again..
It's good but for some reason everytime I open the app its very slow, crashes, and nothing works..
When scrolling through lightning deals, the images dissappear..
Everytime I open the app, an errormessage pops up saying that something went wrong on their end. Even after I keep trying, the same message keeps poping up all the time..
Always been a great app but since last update its buggy, images don't load, zoom doesn't always work, product pictures turn into grey horizontal lines, come on guys your better than this..
Every time I sort my search by low to high prices it removes a huge chunk of the listings, mainly the cheapest ones! No idea why and it's extremely frustrating! Would rather use ebay even if I have to pay a bit more!.
Generally good, but pesters you constantly to buy their poor-value 'Prime' product, thereby making the app more difficult to use. Where a supplier will not pay to have their product delivered to a locker, the app instead lies that the locker is full..
Hopeless, I can't sign in on any of my devices apart from website on laptop. Keeps taking me in an endless loop of verification, and despite using the link I'm sent it just starts all over again! Utter rubbish please fix..
I am incapable of making a purchase from this app. I tried to purchase items in my cart but the cart does not go anywhere. It just tells me the shop more does not allow me to actually purchase the items that I have selected for my cart..
I used to have a amazon tablet that worked flawlessly amazon came out with a new version and sent a update rendering my tablet to become worst than ever imaginable i factory reset alot nothing brought it back to normal so all in all amazon cant be trusted theyll just force you to upgrade and make it feel like the new product is so much better when its reallly nothing more than to make bank off of people. Ever wonder why ebay dont work on amazon tablet welp thats cuz they rendered its software to.
Best app for shopping. I can find anything I want and Prime is awesome.
There is certainly something wrong with the app, it just takes a long time to load any page, or a search even. It used to work fine a couple of weeks ago. I guess some update screwed it up!?! I even cleared the data, forced stopped the app, uninstalled and reinstalled it. But, the same behavior persists. eBay app developers, are you aware of this issue? If yes, when do you plan to fix it? Thanks!.
I have already complained about issues with the latest update which meant I was logged out whenever I tried to action anything, I am now unable to view messages in the app and when I go via the full site, when I click to reply it just brings me back to the homepage. This is now costing me money as I am losing business, offers and am unable to respond to queries..
Treacherous. Everything was fine, then suddenly it started rejecting all types of payments. Their customer service is a loophole to forum la of unresolved issues. Upon reinstalling as the troubleshooting suggested, it wont commit the 2nd step of the 2 step verification. Locking me out of my account permanently I can't change that setting and resetting the password leads me to the same verification. I have won bids I cannot pay and ebay is no nowhere to be found..
The "App" does not have an option to change language to another language. Only English. But if you open Ebay "DIRECTLY" from the internet.... it "DOES" have that option. On the bottom of the page. That option needs to be added to the app. Because not everyone can read "English". Especially in the sellers discription of the items you want to purchase...
I Love this app when it works. Every time I get it to work on phone ,it will stop working within 12 hrs.Saying "Network Error, please try again ".I know it's app,because all other apps work.And I am able to sign in on Laptop,which I don't like using. I wish these inconveniences would stop. Totally frustrating 😑They really need to fix the app.
Missing useful features. Ex: in 2020 ... why is there no way to share a search result on an Android OS? ....Or its so well hidden intentionally so nothing gets promoted or shared with family and friends? Marketing failure.. why hop around on one leg when you got two? 1)paid advertisements 2)word of mouth advertisements.
New update 15/22/20 and now I appear to have no messages. FFS!! Stop changing the app, because you mess it up every time. WHY DOES A SIMPLE SEARCH NOW PRODUCE 150000 RESULTS?? WAS GOOD, NOW GARBAGE. 😴 PLEASE FIX CLICK AND COLLECT! IT DISAPPEARS WHEN I GO TO PLACE THE ORDER... "We’ll notify you when your order is ready for collection from MY NAME"! Do you not test your changes?? Oh why do you need to change a working system??.
I like eBay, but not the app. The filters are not as good as using chrome. If I select new, it shows open box items 😒, And as we know there's tons of used items in that category. Plus if I search something else or change a word, it clears all the filters again😧. (In chrome you can keep "buy it now", and "sort").... 11-16-2020> The new update fails to much loading my purchase history, now it really sucks 🤬.
Love it Full customer insurance. And the seller has to pay for return postage with a tracking number IF the item is not as described or shown. And if they refuse, u just click the option to get ebay involved and 99.9% of the time the customer is always right and full refund. Easy! I love it and csn also use AfterPay on everything 🤩.
Very good overall. As an eBay seller it is sometimes frustrating that I can't get to certain functions via the app. I find myself often having to send a buyer an invoice, for various reasons (shipping had to be adjusted, combined orders, etc). There's no way to reach this page through the app and it's very difficult on the website as well..
It's great! I especially like the feature of them emailing me when an item is down to the last one that is available. And ebay emails me when something I have viewed has a price drop or the seller has discounted the item. Such a convenient way to find a lot of the things you need in life..
I Love it. Just Tap a button and find EVERYTHING I'm looking for. I was telling a friend one day that EBay has everything. The friend said " I bet they don't!" I told them to name anything they could think of and EBay would have it. She said "used false teeth." I typed it in the search bar...Guess what EBay has? That's right....used false teeth. The friend said they'd never doubt my word or EBay again!😁.
Missing key information that may cost you if problems arrive with postage. You don't always see full postage details on app that you would see on a computer. Ordered something which I assumed was 1st class signed for due to Cost and it showed different on the computer. You can't reorder from a seller you just purchased from so this is a very poor app..
I don't know what happened, but it takes an extremely long time for pictures of items to load. Doesn't matter if my connection or WiFi is perfectt. My other phone apps hv zero issue, so I know it's not the service nor my phone. If several minutes hv passed & still nothing, I find a different source to meet my needs.
Good way of clearing space and earning abit of extra money, also good items you can find on there, only problem with the App is the fact you are far more limited than on laptop, it makes selling far more of a faff than it needs to be, having to go from my Phone to my laptop when most things are done on the phone nowadays..
A very user friendly and very fast. Does everything the desktop version does, but quicker. Have not listed any items to sell using the app as I prefer the bigger screen of the laptop to do that, but buying, and checking sales etc is very easy..
ZERO STARS! Once again ebay's customer service gets worse by the day! After my last app upgrade it said I can watch up to 400 items. Of course it won't let me do this so I'm trying to bring this problem to ebay who doesn't want to be bothered by it. Trying to contact a human on the line is a joke. I'll even settle for a email address!.
I love everything about it, except one small thing. I can't seem to find my buying rating on my cell phone. I have to go ebay on my laptop to see it. OK one more thing, but really has nothing to do with the app. I just wish that the sellers would rate buyers, based on their transaction, instead of waiting until they get rated. I refuse to rate first, because I did my part first. Because of that I have missed out on several ratings..
I use the eBay app more than the "dot com" due to accessibility and convenience. It has most of the needed features of eBay but you can't do a listing that's custom nor can you use multiple lists, just the watch list, which is a shame. It seems to update less often than other apps. I like the notifications and I wouldn't but a lot of things without the assistance of the app to be honest. Pretty good, eBay. Definitely worth trying. Thanks..
Ebay company and app both has been very useful for me, because of variety of products available and prices. The app gives me plenty of information, features, and choices. There's only one thing it needs to improve, and that's the way sellers receive the money. The same way they make a refund or similarly; can be used for depositing the money from sales, without going through a third party..
Now you cannot re-order photos from the app, they must be uploaded on the order they will be displayed. If additional photos are added later they cannot be placed other than at the end. It's not plain why this should be. Also "Easy Pricing" what is that? I've clicked "no" to this on every listing I've ever placed, yet it pops up every time! The answer is always going to be "no". Not "maybe next time". "NO, never ever"..
Updated app yesterday & now i cannot see or send messages? Still cant view nectar on the app & now i cannot get on to the classic site either so cannot view my nectar at all!!??? Plus my fingerprint option for logging in has been removed not sure if thats a new thing or a fault within the app!?....
Would be 5, but for some reason you cant message a seller about an item you have bought. This list of options does not have it for some reason. Even if i go on the sellers page there is only the option to save the seller. I keep having to uninstall the app to use the browser version on my phone to message a seller. Only does it on sellers you have bought from though. No idea why.
Absolutely the best buying portal for any of my hobby/vehicle electronics, knick knacks, home security, ect. I used to think Ebay was for dinosaurs stuck in the past (Like craigslist) but as a 20 year old who's enthusiastic about electronics of all sorts, Ebay is my #1. And I always recommend my friends to it. With the huge added benefit of Ebay's satisfaction guarantee, I dont need to worry about quality when buying the cheapest deal, because if I ever get scammed, Ebay has my back. 10/10.
App boots up fine, but when loading messages, comes up with 'no messages' when I clearly have some. Tried rebooting multiple times and sometimes does not even show the inbox, sent and archive tabs, just a blank box with 'messages' above it..
Stop always trying to add new features and sort out all the problems as my eBay is damn annoying because it doesn't always update. Purchase history is terrible with dispatched etc as doesn't always update. To be honest its the worst I have ever seen it and so annoying to use. Might as well just stick with web version even though thats annoying at times. So instead of trying to add new features, try sorting out the old ones..
All of a sudden logging into ebay messages on app says no messages are in your inbox when there are so uninstalled re downloaded still the same restatered phone still the same logged on from phone to main website ebay messages no longer supported on your device. Lol this is the lastest samsung galaxy s20 ..ebay sort it out!.
App very user friendly; for searches, recommendations, clear info, payment options, tracking orders etc. and all linked up well to keep you informed. I didn't use eBay much until I installed their app, but I'm shopping on there quite often now..
Should be after another recent update some notifications are coming through however there is no notification to let you know option is ending you normally get a 10-minute notification then a 1-minute notification I think there was a 5 as well which were very useful and due to this I've missed out on some items thanks very much for nothing eBay I think I'll stick with Amazon. What is the point of giving you other notifications when the most important ones like auctions ending etc don't notify.
Fix your app, my listings aren't showing. Yes it has been 24 hours. Somehow others are seeing them. Some of my listings I can not see in search despite perfect keyword search, and a high promotion fee on my listing. What gives?????.
I've been with eBay very nearly since the beginning 23 years all told. I'm chiefly a buyer, although I have sold things occasionly. The convenience of using it as a buyer is amazing....so much in fact that, like Amazon, it's a little dangerous to my pocket book. There a more safeties in place for buyers, and eBay is a lot less wild and woolly than it was at the beginning. The buyer takes much less risk now, and it's been ages since I've bought a bum steer..
Excellent app. I have ordered various items from Ebay for years and have never had a single problem. Items are always as described and arrive in perfect condition. I totally trust Ebay. I have not sold items on Ebay, but I have friends that regularly sell on Ebay and they have no complaints. I highly recommend Ebay..
Useful for being able to get onto eBay quickly to buy stuff or to check on purchases past and present. Saves the aggro of going onto the web and then putting in web address and having to sign in. Very handy to eBay on the go especially if you have PayPal linked to your account, a couple of taps on the screen 👆 and you have got the item you want or need. Brilliant..
convenient and easy, my only criticism is that I consistently get messages in Chinese because I happen to live in Hong Kong. I am a native English speaker and do not read Chinese, like many people here. I have repeatedly asked for my messages to be in English but it is never fixed for long. I suspect it is a fixed algorithm or something that simply classifies members geographically and allows no room for personal preference or individual identities. I find this frustrating and a bit frightening..
Beware of latest (11/4/2020) android update....more bugs than it fixes. Unfortunately, Ebay forced it upon you (your app will immediately close upon opening if you do not install update). After update, my LOST BID HISTORY disappeared, and now I can not reference past bid prices or the items in which I previously bid..
Great app. Easy to browse and acn pick up where you left off theough your browsing history. The best thing with this app is tou can select which merchant to pay from tour basket and save the rest for another time. You don't have to buy in orher words all that is in your basket. Amazon does have that. Also ebay has a large variety of merc6and options. Great..
Easy to use and does what you need it to do, except that messages will never load and it's very frustrating, especially when messages on ebay was number 1 reason downloading app. Please fix and will increase my rating.
Some things can't still be done in the app that could be done on the browser. E.g. cancelling a return or going to feedback forum and being able to feedback everything in one page. Otherwise I like eBay app better than Amazon on search accuracy, ease of use and presentation of data in a clearer way..
TERRIBLE UPDATE: The "Bids & Offers" section has combined the items I'm bidding on with offers people have sent, so I can't easily see the items I'm bidding on anymore. The list is clogged with expired and current offers, and even though I can filter to see only bids, there's no way to 'remember' this preference. (WHAT MORON DECIDED THIS DESIGN WAS A GOOD ONE?) Also, the auctions I've lost are no longer listed under "Didn't Win" tab. This section is completely empty. I hate this latest update..
Good app, but there is a bug in latest update - white of background window in Android expands downwards and partially obscures three navigation buttons at bottom of screen which are also white, can only faintly see them with their thin outlines. Can't believe more people haven't noticed this and reported it as it's a real pain. Otherwise, eBay - great thanks!.
Had occasions where the phone was untouched, it would be on but the screen is off, I would have a conversation of something, then later when I went on Kijiji the things I talked about were in the advertisements, happens lots. Has happened to other people also. Very creepy. Kijiji is owned by ebay, google is probably in in this to somehow. Spying in on someone in their personal home and items is disgusting and should be illegal. Google, fb Ebay & kijiji are always spying and listening in on you..
The whole eBay experience is lost on my phone. Unwanted ads cover content and pages do not display correctly. Everything is cluttered and very confusing. Appears to me that ebay are chasing advertising dollars more than sales..
I do sort of like ebay but puts me off ordering because if you have to return a items it's a pain because of the label printing,(and getting items sent back)(as I'm house bound)(I just can't get out to sort it)(as do rely on having to have parcel delivered)(and picked up from my home)but that's a big problem for me,(so I can't afford to keep wasting my money as I have really lost a lot of money due to the fact that I am unable to get the money back from them and the item sent back,(so that,that).
Lots of Merchandise! Lots of deals! Most of my experiences 8/10 have been positive. Most shipping fees are free or reasonable. You can track your purchases And Ebay will do their best to settle any disputes, if needed. I LOVE Ebay!.
The app itself is nice. It is EBay itself I am frustrated with and their seller limits. Instead of limiting a seller to only a certain number if auctions per month total to start, I would suggest limit ACTIVE auctions. Once they sell, a seller should be able to put up more, thus increasing sales, not limiting them..
Currently in version 6.9.1.2 and as of 10th Nov keep getting Alert: Please enter valid postcode when opening my saved searches. My postcode is there, in search settings and address settings. It also breaks saved searches as the blue switch changes to white and the latest items found are not being shown on their own. Very irritating eBay..
At last an easy to use ebay app. It's a sort of ebay lite but I manage nearly everything I need as a buyer. I don't sell so can't comment on that. Irritating that I cannot delete completed purchases of more than one item that were in the same basket. They have to be hidden using the desktop site. Good addition in ability to lock filters eg search UK only. But keep getting alert to enter valid postcode (?). My postcode is in account details and clicking ok sends alert away without doing anything..
I have had this app for many years it's always good to have something to turn to when you go hmmm I need something and it's as easy as opening your eBay app 😉 But for real if you have a huge budget or you have a little budget you can find it on ebay I have always had good experiences with sellers not saying there are no badd ones but my experience is a good one I hope the rest of you have the same.
Ebay Links in Outlook email won't open in Ebay APP So I've set up notifications for new items when listed. When I get an email notification for new item I click on the picture & link and instead of opening in the Ebay app it starts trying to open a website with "AndroidUL 3.0" then states "We looked everywhere. Looks like this page is missing. If you still need help, visit our help pages. Go to the home page" So basically can't open an Ebay link in the APP Rubbish.
More clarity on products that are on sale in your vast library of clients in a particular "chosen " field. EXAMPLE: The Music Industry has many fields of commerce and potential opportunities for financial gain. I have so much more to say..
I love eBay, and I love the eBay app! I got the app when I realized that I was going to be using eBay more often than I had thought! Ebay treats me, the customer, with respect and courtesy -- I feel valued whether I am buying something big or small. I haven't sold anything yet, but I see that the process is not as daunting as I had imagined, thanks to the excellent customer service for sellers, as well as buyers. I can see why eBay is celebrating their 25th anniversary and counting! 😊❤️❤️❤️.
Great app. everything is perfectly organized and items can be easily located by your specific search! I'm not disappointed by my decision to add this application!.
It doesn't understand that the UK post code system has a space in the middle. So every time you do a search, it asks for a valid "zip" code. Which is incorrect too. UK is a "Post Code". This has only just started happening..
I don't like this new update. I keep trying to buy items but when I try to pay with PayPal it keeps sending me back to the "Pay with PayPal" option on the checkout. It's very annoying. What the heck? I miss the the old confirm and pay option. I don't like leaving one stars but I really dislike the update..
I absolutely love Ebay!!! You can find, buy, or bid on almost anything all at amazing prices. I highly recommend this app for the convenience and safty of at home/ online shopping..
I've been buying and selling on ebay for 20+ years. This app is so easy to use and makes it convenient to buy and sell. eBay has come a long way since the late ninties. Great app!.
I just absolutely love Ebay. I can find everything I'm looking for in one convienant place. I have found so many cool things at really discounted prices. Everything usually comes when the vendors says it's coming havent really had a problem there, shipping is pretty fast. Gotta love Ebay!.
Still needs more work, but updates do better and better, filters though need to be more flexible and should have 'fast&free' delivery filter, because 'free delivery' often sends you to some shady Chinese accounts that usually scam you saying that they are in your country, while they're not - no cool, ebay..no cool.
At the moment I have no access to my eBay accounts so the advice given by recorded message to log into account etc is just nonsense. I get such rubbish on screen including huge, black arrows, blue text showing all the categories and no way of accessing my accounts. In addition my very last transaction selling to the US included VAT instead of Sales Tax. I had to refund the buyer the £11.12 and expect eBay to refund me this sum. I don't know what to do! Fortunately I had no items for sale neither did I have bids on any item..
2 updates in last few months and still when i scroll down my saved searches it stops at the bottom and can't see whats showing ? No its not my phone as I have 4 phones and all do the same thing even with my wife's and brothers ebay accounts !.
Can you please stop moving search filter options around in the eBay app. Very frustrating when you think you click "sold items" only to realize you clicked "returns accepted" because the desired option moved 3/4 of the way down the scroll. I am on Galaxy S10+. Thank you!.
I think it's easy you can find new or used it's up to you it makes it makes it a lot easier sometimes you have to wait for it but it's worth the wait and if I have a problem it's taken care of I've never had any problems at all be honest with you it's been fantastic since I've been using it and I'll use it as long as I'm able to like I said you can buy it new or you can buy it used on eBay pay for what you want it's a great app.
F-ing notifications. Sort them out already!!!! Issues with: Notifications not working. Missing notes on purchase items. Feedback on cancelled orders. When in an order no options to contact seller or raise discrepancy issues. E.g. multiple items on same shipping id can contact seller to ask where the other items are. 6 hours to report an issue / bug?! And now banned for 3 days as asked a seller to me message me due notifications not working properly. eBay sort your s**t out..
I can and do find just about anything and everything I could ever need for my crafting life, which is the greatest thing ever, being legally blind I can't get places like others can. So Glad You Are Here, still the greatest app. EVER!!!, LOVE IT!!!.
Sony's function buttons at bottom of the screen are no longer visible, come on ebay its not rocket science white on white does not work and why put sort and filter button over the items being viewed. Looks like latest upgrade was developed by pre school children it's that bad. If I could roll back I most certainly would..
I enjoy shopping on eBay. I have found so many items at a better price than other websites. I like DIY jewelry and crafts but I have found ready made items so much cheaper than I could make it myself, still unique in design..
When I click on PAY NOW , nothing comes up.so can't pay. Also , listing says seller accepts Maestro debit card which I have+all.details r up to date & correct +it is also linked to my Pay Pal +I have used the same card for a lot of eBay transactions before, without any issues. When I try to pay for this one item, a note fr ebay says this method s NOT accepted in the country (I am in the UK+card etc all registered here!) or seller doesn't accept it when listing says the opposite ?! Awful.
Multiple updates still haven't fixed ongoing issues with loosely "related" suggestions and search history still can't be cleared. And how about a search filter for fast&free shipping to filter out the far east sellers faking their address to beat the search settings? Reporting items falls on deaf ears.
This App give you an open door to easily locate pretty much anything. It also make it easy to see history, reviews and the ability to contact sellers. Very handy..
Thank you for making the app more useable for sellers. I love how you can print shipping labels from your phone now. i also really appreciate the SCAN UPC code feature in the item details section when creating new listings. Please keep up the good work..
works well, slight lag on opening communications from selkers. from my saved sellers. wish it supported antivirus scan of any links b4 proceeding, but otherwise great. much more convenient than using browser and typing in log in info. At least it still supports my text message 2ndary log in protection..
Brilliant opportunity to research and buy, particularly as I remain quarantined, prior to that couldn't walk far, needed ops on knee and lower back, found it invaluable then too. I wish I'd realised sooner how to use your Complaints service. Not wanting to leave bad reviews I would leave none. Some Sellers made worthless promises until the time ran out to complain. Totally unfair and irresponsible. One guilty of getting their item back, didn't give a refund, I will visit!! 2 others also!.
The Ebay app is so easy to use, in fact it's easier to use the app than on a computer! Photos upload almost instantly and the photo quality is brilliant. I LOVE this app! Highly recommend!.
Easier and quicker to navigate and bid, love the fact I get notifications for bidding and I can set reminders minutes prior to bidding. And I can get into my messages without fail now which is something I struggled with using the site at times.
Works well, wide range of products, good item descriptions, I like being able to check reviews of seller. Seems safe and secure, easy to contact seller securely..
Honestly apps seem to be failing yesterday YouTube wouldn't play any vids at all then it's ebay wouldn't login correctly im supposed to have 2 factor authentication active and yet it does not send an approve deny notification majority of time it's almost like somet spreading through apps like a virus but my phones inbuilt virus checker not picked nowt up.
A terrible quality app with matching terrible policies. Avoid Ebay as a seller at all costs, it's a haven for scammers. Customer service will also lie to you about their policies to get you off the phone. Best thing to do is research beforehand..
White is far too bright! I don't know why developers think that white backgrounds look good, they don't. Too many notifications. I have items on my watchlist and even with notifications off for watched items in still getting them in the app. This is a waste of my time and the only fix is to unwatch all items..
Ebay is my go-to place for low cost high quality items. It is often the only source for specialty hard - to - find items. I've used it without disappointment for years and wind up using it several times a month! !.
Buy many various products from EBAY. I do have say Credit Card purchases always go well. PayPal is constant nitemere. So many problems occur. Double charges. Charges that don't clear 10 to 14 days. Sellers have rejected my purchase for this. PayPal is not clear on explaining choices and good luck getting anyone to help you. Hours and days on the phone. I've canceled and removed my PayPal account and it still shows up at every purchase. A horrible company to deal with..
Use the desktop version. The mobile version sucks and does not let you do multiple things. I often get error messages and have to use the desktop version where it works without any issues. The mobile version is a pain and has many glitches..
I love the app and use it all the time however, since the last update I now get notifications for every single item I look at. That's really annoying and unnecessary..
Overall good, easy to use, but as with the desktop version of the site I wish the seller descriptions were easier to review. So much scrolling and dragging lol.
Ebay app is amazing love Ebay over Amazon any day love how they back you up on your purchases with their money back Guarantee stamp they are fair and dependable and have the bes ty prices hands down for anyone buying or selling I trust them and i am a loyal customer to them when i buy online I always use Ebay for all purchases keep up the great and fabulous job you guys are doing thank you so much!!!!!.
Don't believe I've ever had one single problem. Works great. Way better then just going to the web site. I feel it's safer as well. You can sell or buy. Using your phone to take a pic and sell it on eBay is Good stuff!!!.
WTH! Has ebay been hacked? This is a joke. Nothing works! What is it with the arrows? Cannot reply to messages! Cannot access your own information,! Have deleted and re installed with the same issues! No information as to issues reported by ebay or explanation to ebay users!!.
Doing pretty good with this method of buying but would like to see them improve when there is a problem with the item. Sometimes they don't back up the products very well and when you do have to send back something the time period to do so is too short in my opinion..
This is my favorite app in the world nobody beats eBay for getting US currency like 2017 $20 bill or 2017 $100 bill yes you can get US currency on eBay about anything DVD Xbox360 just make sure the Xbox 360 games are Factory sealed condition that's how I like my games I used to go to GameStop but I stopped going there I just thought to myself eBay is way better than GameStop it's my opinion eBay's the winner.
Really like the ability to white out backgrounds on you item photos when listing an item. Would really like the ability to save the QR code when creating a shipping label (only works on the website for some reason)..
Completely useless app,lot of things is need to improve but mostly starting time is taking too long and after update it taking more time,if there is a option to rollback I will definitely used that.And lastly this app should have option to show only for a region to make easy to purchase item..
Very good and helpful app. But would really like to have a next day delivery service in place, I know we would have to pay more but that shouldn't be a problem. Because sometimes we have a case of urgency and don't know where to turn. We might find the items we are looking for but it's of no good to us because there's no choice for a next day delivery service..
App was fine before. After update, everything is extremely slow and sometime cannot load. I might have to uninstall the app and use ebay web site instead..
I love the fast, simple and thorough filter feature including the results numbers instantly visible before applying them. All shopping apps should be this straightforward!.
Love this app, easier to use than the desk top! Still love this app, only it has stopped giving me sound notifications, I checked the app permissions and are fine. Other than that great app on the go!.
I've gone broke thanks to ebay, the app is very easy to use and love how it shows you other of the same products to compare prices to. My fiance always complains about how much time and money I waste on ebay but, screw him. He doesn't complain when I give him a gift that came from ebay..
Always lots of great choices, great suggestions,recomendations , read what other people are saying,whats commonly purchased watch for videos all as guide to keep you informed for your best choice, best comparison,ultimatly best priced shopping expieriance. Great app support,and customer service,truely a pleasure, finally #1.
This is a great way to find things from your childhood as well as discoving things you've never seen before. All the sellers I've worked with are easy to work with and shipping tends to be pretty quick..
Good app, and a GREAT alternative to Amazon. I urge people to support Ebay over Amazon; you can find just about anything they have on here..
I love how it remembers all the things I buy often, the prices are really good and so many people are selling with no extra shipping fees. When I am searching for something I always come here before Amazon.
Overall its generally good. It's way more easy to navigate than the website, and it gives you updates on items you're looking at. Highly recommend getting the app if you're an avid user of eBay..
Latest November 2020 update does not show the contents of any lost bids and offers. Would be nice if there was also a way to commit to purchase and request a total from a seller in the shopping cart area..
Why are there still no notification reminders or prompts whatsoever on the App or Desktop Site for buyers and sellers equally alike to leave feedback for items when either received or purchased in this day and age? The notion of doing so is largely almost forgotten otherwise. Appreciate that no news is often good news, but this if this tool was installed it could and would benefit both massively? Replies appreciated, thanks..
Great experience. Much better to search and find the items that you are looking for. Overall I would give this app 10-*..
Loving the eBay app as all my items are available to browse and I can check if my orders have been despatched and it is so simple to use with everything I need in an app..
I wish all apps worked this good. It does what you expect and wanted to do without glitches. It continues to function flawlessly. The developers have really thought it out from the perspective of the user..
The latest update has extended the white background of all pages to the bottom of the phone screen. This means that unlike any other app, the phones' white function buttons cannot be seen..
Would be awesome, if I didn't have to reinstall it every week! It crashes on me everytime I try to edit photos on my listings! Or if I try to add a listing with photos, it's annoying fix it please!.
If you are a buyer on ebay this app is a must, is so much more easier to navigate, with a lot more ways to help people who are having problems with a package, plus the messages option actually works on the app.
Works great. No crashes. My ONLY complaint is that you can't change your screen name via this app, you can only change your user name from a web browser..
very smooth,reliable shopping app. the one issue i have is they are changing dates of package arrivals so they take longer,but, love it!.
This app keeps on having issues. I have messages but can't view them. I can't even view messages I sent. It just says no messages which is untrue. Please fix this..
Convenience is the optimal word that comes to mind when I think of the ebay app! I am always searching for something. Having that ability on my Android phone makes buying or bidding quick and easy!.
The ebay app is extremely user-friendly! It is easy to navigate and the visual images are crisp and colorful! I also like the way ebay sends gentle product suggestions and reminds me that I have a gift card or coupon available!.
Good for buying selling not so much. Should be exact in showing how much exactly you will pay as soon as you have sold your goods. Instead of an almost surprise amount. But generally a really good app that being said..
Brilliant App 10/10. YOU CAN JUST ABOUT BUY ANYTHING ON EBAY. Great prices and delivered to your home. Easy to use. Reliable and safe to use HIGHLY RECOMMENDED! LOVE IT!.
My app needed updating. After update all messages disappeared from my inbox ie seller and buyer messages etc. lost record of all communication. yet it shows if open in browser ie chrome..
The APP is very handy on looking up an item that you're considering to buy in order to sell. Very helpful in using pictures too..
Half of the tasks cannot be done in the app, needs browser. Excellent, after the update I can't even pay with the app. Confurm&Pay inactive, PayPal disconnected. I go and find something else for online shopping..
Nov 8 2020 .....Why cannot I " multi choice" sizes, styles, colours etc when searching for an item of clothing for example? If I choose size 12 , I am then excluded from seeing Medium, etc. Please fix, this is now so old..
Instant access to a World Wide audience when selling items no longer needed but may be of use or interest to others. What better way of saving the planet by recycling used goods. Ebay just excellent for all your buying and selling needs..
Currently there seems to be an issue where many users items for sale will not load when looking at their profile, despite them being there when looking though the desktop site..
This is my one stop shop for everything! If they don't have it, then it doesn't exist! I do a lot of my shopping on here but it's also a personal reference for me to go to when I'm about to sale a item myself. I like to go to good ole eBay and see what the going rate is for whatever it is I'm thinking of selling at my local flea market......
Smooth without any crashes. I love the ebay app. I can keep up with items I am bidding on from where I have signal. As a Transformers collector I often have several bids going at a time. Notifications help me get my last second bid in for the win!.
Really bad experience, signed up on the afternoon and got instantly permanently banned after placing a few bids. They did not offer any ways to verify my account, appeal the ban, or even offer any explanation of the ban. This lacks professionalism and is why I would not recommend this service to anyone..
I have shopped on eBay for years, & saved thousands of dollars by doing so. Like any online shopping experience you will hit a speed bump occasionally however the few times I have encountered an issue eBay has swiftly stepped in and assisted with resolution..
Automatically translates everything, even though I've disabled automatic translation. It's unusable at this point, stick to using the mobile site..
Wonderful app. Honestly I don't get paid to say this but im willing to say it with the amount of money I've made here and I buy here as well. I appreciate how easy Ebay makes things..
I like I can sell things I inherited over the years and have no place to put them. I like I get to list 10 items free a month. I just started and I am excited to give it a try..
Great app. Does everything it should and does it very well. Even an old technophobic cyber dunce like me can understand it, use it and trust it..
One of the best Apps I've tried! Easy to use with lots of fun stuff. Easy to list and sell new or used items..
I find the app is easy to navigate, and I'm very happy I have a choice between a light or dark background, because the black background is so much easier on the eyes..
This app used to be fantastic, but lately it wont load messages, wont send to sellers, making contact impossible. Even after all updates. Pathetic..
I love shopping on Ebay. Usually always find what I'm looking for and even find things I'm not looking for. Never had any problems with my orders..
White on white? Who's idea was it to have a white background with white navigation buttons? Seriously. I now have to guess and press. Background is also far too white for comfort even with brightness level turned down..
The app is pretty good. You can find really cheap stuff for a lower than the original. The app is really good, and if you like high quality stuff for lower prices, then i suggest using this app..
It's great to have access to eBay account anywhere with the app being on my phone. Makes things easier most times. I'm Very Happy with it..
Fantastic i love ebay iv never had a problem with any think I buy from them and all ways on time when they say its going to be delivered and some times you get an email from the sellers aswell iv never had a problem with ebay I do say to people go to ebay.
eBay has done a good job in transitioning computer functionality to mobile functionality. Comes in very handy when you have activity on a seller account and are away from home..
I created a post to sell 3 times and each time I went all the way to post it just all of sudden just disappeared and erased all my progress!! Made me switch over to Marcari! Fix the app..
Awesome shopping app, saved hundreds of dollars on products I've bought over the years compared to buying in stores!.
Rip off. Huge fees that are impossible to pay because the automatic system doesn't work properly and the manual payment page is impossible to find. Ebay is terrible..
Its been really easy to use, fast search , it keep up date about my purchase , and things l looking for, many more options that came whit the aplication .like a lot....
Very easy to use, intuitive. Readily moves between screens and comes up with great suggestions on other options..
Please add the ability to sell on our phones. Whenever I try to add photos, it closes and all my information I entered is lost. I used to be able to do it, but not in the last 2 months. Fix it please..
yes i must say its absolutely fabulious, very easy to use and the only problem im encountering is a photo of the item that im ordering you know a nice bir blow up so i can see the item that im proud to own...
I have used it over the years, not constantly but always found what I was looking for, also communication with the sellers is kind of easier than amazon, I think..
Always had great experience and for added security I'm turning on 2-step verification to protect my purchases and my personal information. I'll be keeping an eye on it in the future to make sure there are no issues..
Useful app, covering almost all the functions you need to buy and sell. Default to the website for selling creation just because it's easier to manage the pictures and other listing content..
Used to be ok app syncing with my ebay account. Now with the update it forces close, sign in problems and reboots phone when i get to Paypal Checkout stage. Tried uninstalling anf reinstalling the latest version and it still happens..
It's so good that when you open a message and type a response to a buyer query - there is no button to actually send it!! Considering the billions ebay scam from sellers that's amateur hour as far as app programming goes..
Sometimes it's tricky to use mileage as a filter when looking at cars. It's like sometimes it's there sometimes it's not....
Makes my selling xp easyer and the app is pretty cool but could use sone improvements like the terapeak search engine for sellers with that feature there needs to be a button on the app to get to the terapeak search engine..
I really Enjoy this app i use it everyday for Years. Its perfect for selling quick on ebay. However the app is missing some options that are only available on A Laptop Computer. It can be frustrating sometimes if you dont have a computer handy and need to send an invoice. Other times I try to Sign in. And it says ' Network Error Try Again" so i would leave it for a day and sonetimes it works again. Right Now it wont let me sign in. So im going to delete this and redownload it again..
Allow notifications for out bids on items. Some features you need to go onto a computer to get things done rather than the app. Such as confirming the collection of a sold item..
Does a great job like it a lot. Some searches can be a problem like any other search engine, it's depends on you to pick the right combination of key words! :-).
Good app. But you should not be forced to update on the spot in order to use the app. We should be able to still use the app and update in once we are on wifi..
It is a very good app to buy and sell on. Most people are quick with shipping/transactions and the whole process is very smooth..
Very convenient. Do all of my listings thru the app. Wish it was all-propose (for example, issuing refunds) but overall more pluses than minuses..
The app is easy to use and works great! The only problem i have with it is that I have had to get on a computer to do a few things that the app was having trouble with running. Other than that I have had no trouble!.
I'm glad eBay is still there for me. They could change purchase history and include all the orders you've ever made. Instead of 'last 6 months' option..
Each update loses features and search gets harder to do.. it doesn't even show auctions you didn't win now. Certain sellers have to be searched on a web browser..
This app is flawless. Very secure. Never had an issue in the 5 years I've using the app..
The Ebay app is very easy and convenient to use. Initially, I was very reluctant to use it. I just made my 1st purchase. I will only use the app from now on..
Great app!! Great people !! Great respect !! I've never bought anything off eBay that they didn't back up ....
I have all the best to say-had 1return in years&It went perfectly-everything looks just as it is in pics-I will continue to use it-Still using eBay yrs now&all through '20-I have ordered&received every! thing-It made the worse of times bareable.
Love this app! It has plenty of variety to suit everyone's tastes. Easy to use and keeps you informed..
It works. Email likes to not delete emails that have been deleted. But other than that got some good deals. And sold some items..
Only been using the app for a couple days, but they asked me to take the survey... So far so good, app is easy to use and post listings. Only negative to this point is the fake offers/scammers. I feel eBay should do a better job of filtering out these fake accounts. Otherwise it's all good... Just waiting for the sales to start coming in, but like I said it's only day two for me..
Good app, quick and very few if any issues. Would be helpful to include a search filter for excluding 'local pick up' items. Particularly given the current social distancing requirements etc..
Useless to me now considering the app will not show items I have previously bought! States no results found when I click it yet fine on browser - no good considering I need to buy multiples of the same thing regularly!!.
I love the app. I forget im not on the web. The app and the site function aboit the same. User friendly and simple. Takes little effort to find what im looking for. Suggestions are given based on what has been searched and make skimming through rows of simlular items fun. I use the suggestions to find like items often at a cheaper price that the first item I look at. It's Easy..
I wish the YouTube app worked as well as this app. The layout can be a little confusing sometimes but thats about the only thing I can complain about..
Great app! Designed well,fast, snappy Only thing that would improve it would be not to have to click on "item description" to show.
Great! I like that you get notifications for items you're bidding on. Better than using a Web browser..
Awesome! Very useful when looking for old hard to find items..
My only issues with the app are the fee for selling stuff and I get different items depending on how I enter a search...hopefully you can fix that..
There is a lot of feature and function nicely compacted into this app. If only I could write software this good I would have pu$$y and a Por$che 911 Turbo. ;).
I love it! My only gripe is that you can no longer get the item description by clicking the item title & it no longer shows if there are others watching an item..
The app is good but could be better if you could get into the paying ebay fees side from here too but you can't. However it is really good for searching, watching, bidding, messaging and paying for items..
I love this app ive been able to find everything I look for and at great prices... only thing I don't like is ive bought something then after paying ive bought and it will be shipped and I would get it almost 2 months later because its coming from China.
Making the twilight zone real: On the evening of 31st October, I speculate, the app managed by itself to purchase two items on my account. Checking the logs, I found that the first item was purchased while my phone was in the pocket, the second while it was on the car stand, while I was driving, and having a call. The items were to be sent to me, so I don't suspect a hack. Cancelled the orders later. The phone of course has a screenlock. My computer was shut down at home. Unistalled for safety..
I love using the Ebay app. Everything I'm looking for is easy to find. I get alerts on things that I'm looking at promptly. I use this app regularly and have no issues..
Always the first online experience for me. Paypal made it safe and it is no different to buying out of a shop with click and collect 😋 I would like to see the control over sellers who promote free shipping and then sneak it on after you tap their item and suprise...$shipping cost. Will see what ebay does about them..
App works very well, never had any problems trying to find what I'm looking for!! and transactions have been successful so far..
Love the variety of great quality products available at all sorts of prices. I love shopping on ebay, i definitely recommend the 100% support from ebay between me and the seller..
Easy to use and convenient. It could do with s few tweaks to make searching a little easier but overall I love the app!.
App works great. Ebay is not what it used to be. It used to be all about the auction thrill. Now it is mostly a store front..
Quick and easy to use. No more fiddling around logging on via chrome or google..
Noticed since the last update that the notification sound has gone, despite my device being on full volume. I only know I've received a bid/offer/message if I look at my phone.
Great app, easy to use and navigate to what I want, and fair prices..
Fast and easy shopping and checkout. Been a member for a long time. Keeps getting better..
I love this app 💓 I love ebay make an great short cut to the website. You can get name brand clothing and for sometimes get it cheaper. Ps.baby bat.
I can all ways find what I'm look for cheaper than Amazon, most the time. The app is easy to use and I love the camera opinion..
Excellent app, Excellent service and products, such a wide choice of items, always got my items I've bought and most of time, earlier than stated, so I give Ebay 5 stars..
This app seemed convenient but I ran into a number of issues. The app didn't sync to my cart to my account, continued listing items that were no longer on the site, and I could not click into "seller's offers", which is really frustrating. I didn't have these issues on the main site, but trying to access the site on my phone automatically opens the app. Really hope these issues can be fixed quickly.
I love how seamless this app is to use. I have never sold anything on ebay but buying is a breeze! Well done..
Good, easy to use interface! I wish there was a way I could see tracking information through the app as easily as I could before they made an update, but still good!.
I absolutely HATE having a limit on the "watch" & "cart"! AMAZON let's you save as many as you want! PLEASE PLEASE fix this & give us unlimited lists. I compare items for pricing or any imperfections!.
Would be handy if it worked well but has many, many, flaws. Won't delete expired or sold items after the first one. No support at the site or in app, etc..
So far so good. Not like when ebay first started with fraud. They seem to be doing a better job at controling fake ads. Not like sellers on Facebook with its lots of fraudulent rip-off ads..
After this update I can't access my messages, doesn't load either inbox, sent or archive. Please fix!.
The ebay app is "sort of ok", but there is certainly room for improvement. One thing I would like to see on the app would be an "advanced search facility" like there is on the computer version of ebay. This enables buyers to use very specific search criteria, and is very helpful. I would like to believe that feedback of this nature are seriously considered, and hopefully impemented..
Hello & Good Morning To You. The best part of shopping eBay is finding the best deals. Always get what I'm looking for and sometimes get "free shipping". That's great right! Most oftentimes, end up with more in the cart than previously planned. The best part of shopping eBay is when a seller does us wrong. Ebay steps up and gives one a full refund. Thank You for that eBay. Get what you're looking for at eBay..
You can no longer type lengthy customer reviews on this app. After a few paragraphs, elongated reviews are abruptly closed, and ellipses ( " ... " ), are added. This is a negative scale back. eBay is substandard to amazon in this way - eBay doesn't allow you type much, regarding product and/or seller feedback, compared to amazon - a con. 11-14-20.
Love it! Use it all the time to order things. Much cheaper than Amazon. Don't have to order $25 or more for free shipping especially for the items I buy.
Love but needs updates. Maybe something of a contest type thing giving you a little incentive you know I don't think everything looks any different or anything of the sort the past decade contest for Raffles would be great.
Very easy to use for both buying and selling. I use it several times a day. I would recommend this app if you need to do many searches or if you are checking orders for your store..
Continues to set the standard for this type of application. I live and work overseas so I've had the opportunity to use similar apps produced by large companies and it's made me appreciate ebays extra polish a bit more..
I like eBay. I like this app. The app is straight forward and easy to use. I search, I find, I bid/buy. That's it. Thanks..
Having only used the app as a shopper/buyer I found it to be mostly fine for my needs.. UNTIL a few weeks ago (mid-Oct) when something happened (??an update I think??) & my entire user history (all purchases, watched items, messages, browsing history, bids I'd made - EVERYTHING) got erased. Tried inquiring w/ Ebay's customer support, but no luck. Dont know how/why this occurred, & am weary of using app now 4 fear of being hacked or something. ?? Bought item 2day for 1st rime since, so we'll see..
Im very happy to use this app because i like how with the interface can i buy a lot of things when i want to buy... sorry my english is so bad but. I LIKE THIS APP!!!.
So far everything I've ordered has been above my satisfaction. The first item I ordered was the first time I ordered from ebay.This is ,I believe is the first slightly used item I've purchased. So I hope it's as good as everything else I've purchased. Also your prices, products, and especially delivery time is above and beyond. Customer for life!☠ VERY SATISFIED CUSTOMER. Vickie V..
Was able to send and reply to messages yesterday but today can't do it on the app or via the website. It must be a bug.
Love it. So easy to use. Only problem is its not good for my bank account as I'm addicted to nosing on Ebay I suddenly always need something 😜.
Good experience, takes time to get to grips with, only thing is ebay fees and PayPal fees ☹ get on yer nerves, but overall be buyer or seller it is good experience..
Have been using this for some time now,and I have found it to be excellent application.5 star's for ease of use and 5stars for convenience and 5stars for the excellent service..
The App works well. I was forced to use it at it was impossible to access ebay messages using a mobile. The moment you tried it would send you back to the main page(same thing happened when using "desktop" mode). My feeling is this was a deliberate act to force people to download and use the app. While the app works fine, you were able to do exactly the same thing in the web browser, there is no real advantage to using the app over browser. If its not broke down fix it..
Best shopping app. All the info you need on the sellers to make a decision if they're trustworthy to buy from or not. As a buyer only I feel very safe making purchases on this app..
eBay is awesome! I don't buy anything online without checking eBay first. Great service and selection..
Since the last upgrades it hasn't been possible to pay when the seller is using the "new PayPal platform", a bright blue "Pay witg " appears and when clicked it asks my credentials, once entered it redirects to another page where the amount is shown and I have to re enter my credentials. From that second page the credentials are never accepted!. I have yo always complete the purchase from my PC. It works OK from. The ebay app if the sellers are using the "old. PayPal platform".
Always easy to get around and find what I'm looking for. Anytime I get something that doesn't work I immediately get a refund after contacting the seller. This site is very easy to use and is very trustworthy..
Ebay has helped me find so many things I never would have found elsewhere and it is great to have the buy it now and sort by features..
I have had the worst experience with ebay, NEVER USE IT. I sold 2 working items and both are being returned due to being broken. The support from the staff is abysmal and they are not interested in sellers protection only the buyers when I have photographic evidence of the items fully working. I have ended up spending a lot more money than I have earned. IT IS A WASTE OF TIME AND MONEY TO BE SCAMMED AND MESSED ABOUT!.
I have no complaints since I downloaded the Ebay App on my phone, the app is very easy to download, use and navigate thru to find the things you are looking for. Most of the Christmas gifts for my family I buy from the ebay app and It usually has great prices and free shipping with some. I would highly recommend that you download the app and see for yourself how much money you will save for Christmas or any other time..
A great way to browse and purchase new and or used items. Very good platform and often thrifty. I would recommend this app to anyone. Perfect..
Very intuitive. I barely use the browser for eBay even when I have access to it. Both buying and selling are a breeze with the app!.
Love the shop. Especially to compare offers and good value. Better than Amazon. The app is easy to navigate..
I love using Ebay. If you do a little research into the buyers, and see if they have too many bad reviews it will save you from a headache. Love the PayPal credit program which actually helped me get started on my credit..
I've used eBay since it's beginning. It's always been good but the app is the best thing to happen. Very easy to use and great features..
Solid app. Wish the search function in app was similar to desktop layout. Desktop is easier to navigate through sets and certain filters for cards..
Ebay app is a great app to use. Whenever I needed to look for something or price an item, this is where I started..
Recently joined the Ebay community. So far, so good. Easy scroll through of products to view and ease of payments..
Great app. Use it a lot, works great, never had a problem with it!.
After last update cannot see any messages in inbox, sent, archive. Samsung s9+ If I knew I would never update. Waste of time..
Love the listing style and format for products. Prices are incredible, so thankful for your service..
It's a decent app although a big set back for me is the link up with the website, especially personal account to app, it's very buggy and needs some serious work to interlink the site to app platform imo.
I love the Ebay app, Transactions are quick, Nice Items, Sellers, Buyers, & Great Prices, Great Company & Representatives, Loving shopping on Ebay since 2003, Thanks too all that make it happen.
It STINKS that you have to sift through the FORCE FEEDING of other items while you're trying to find all the info on the item you're looking at. ALL the info on the item you want should be in one spot not mixed amongst all the force feeding of other items. All that forced feeding of other items for sale should be on the bottom of the page. ALL THE INFO ON THE ITEM YOU WANT TO BUY SHOULD BE ON TOP OF THE PAGE ALL TOGETHER.. YOU'RE BEING FORCED TO LOOK AT THE OTHER ITEMS..
Great experience on this app! It's been very useful trying to find things I'm looking for that are discontinued or no longer in stock..
Generally good but it can be difficult to locate the seller's info and the item description. They are not prominent enough..
everything anyone wants to buy is here, the app is simple and convenient, but well structured and organized, way to go team, keep up the good work !!!.
My first time bidding on an app. But love it, you can up your bid with a maximum bid. So convenient, as you have that chance they will bid for you!.
Smooth transactions most of the time. I find items I can't find anywhere else. Most of my transactions are buying not selling..
Nice and handy to buy things from your arm chair come rain or shine .everything you need touch of a button to your door.
I've been shopping EBay since the 90s, got the app a few years ago. Love it, makes shopping/bidding anytime, anywhere a breeze!.
Easy to navigate, order and pay, step by step updates from order to delivery..
Easy to find what you want, & set the parameters that you want to search for, from there just select the item(s) you want, I'd personally recommend using pay pal for protection, just in case, although I have never as in issue or dispute with any seller. You can usually find what you want, pay & be done within 10 minutes. I'd definitely recommend Ebay, 😎👍👍.
Haven't had any problems yet this is my #1 go to app for online shopping it's usually pretty good prices and the stuff I buy is always brand new or used in brand new condition and shipping is always on time and sometimes a little early which is a bonus and I hope it continues to work well and give a good reasonable service..
veryt convenient over a browser bookmark for one thing it can be put on your home screen for almost instant accsess I am glad to have it just for that and there is more you can cofigure it for use also.
Extremely Convenient to use. This could be the best app in its field but like all others there are some sellers that are seedy and unscrupulous. As long as you do your due diligence on the sellers you can have excellent results shopping on their. I learned the hard way but now i have lined up with the best sellers and constantly deliver excellent service!!.
Much of the seller options I need I'm unable to find. Frequently loads blank white screens. (Android).
Constant problems, can't check out with multiple items, can't write anything in the returns message, no option to request any help with that ... The only app that's got a problem with touch sensitivity, can't swipe sideways cause the app scrolls down and up. The app is super slow after the update and has trouble connecting to PayPal. After choosing payment card, it split my order into 2 and paid for the second order with the wrong card without giving me the option to choose. Useless....
10-31-20 updatestill sucks! I keep trying to respond to questions from my customers and I type the letter out and hit send and it does not send it just goes around and around a circle. Also lots of other inconsistencies about this app compared to my account on my laptop. Come on app boys figure this out or I'm going to have to delete it. Also does not allow me to ship an order here until I search everywhere and go to numerous pages. This app makes it difficult to ship an order. This app sucks..
Nice app, way better then open it in browser. No major bugs and glitches. Thank you!.
Really bad at managing the account of someone who shops or sells in more than one country . There's no alternative but the option to have more than one instance of the app is sorely missed..
Generally find what I'm looking for.... The bidding could be a bit more 'visible'.... Many times its not the current bid that's on screen... Ive even out bid myself....!.
The app works smoothly and everything is clean and accessible. Honestly more user friendly than the website!.
Good app. Has everything. Only issue is if ebay learned how to sort. Even sort by price shows their preferred listings first. Ebay designers should go to kindergarten to learn or watch Seasme Street to learn to count!.
Still dumbed down compared to browser site, but works well for quick buying none the less. Stable, No crashes in a long time.
I have no issues using the app. 1 piece of feedback would be to offer all of the advanced shipping options when selling from the website, in this App. I normally start a listing from the phone app (to take pictures), then finish it on my PC. I'd rather just do it all in the app..
garbage. won't let me change any of my info like my name, won't let me put a photo up, wont let me sign up with my debit card, this app is very discouraging to those new to selling. allowed me to give all my info and then the app stopped which is sus..
App works flawless any time I use it. Good at recommending things akin to what I search for or buy. Easy and intuitive to use..
Great app, lots of bargains and lots of suggestions to help me find the perfect purchase.
Very good at protecting your purchases if your not satisfied. Over the years there has been way to many sponcered products, not so much the average person..
All afternoon trying send messages, 3 times contacted costumer service with chat and they just follow the worklflow to troubleshoot 3 of them done same ,all messages gone trying contact a seller and nothing can you fix this.
I've had no problems finding anything I have looked for. And the checkout process is nice and simple too..
Good app, everything works. Interface could be a bit better but it's very reliable..
I haven't been disappointed yet. Only once did I not receive what I requested and the seller made good on his promise to credit my account. 11/9/20 Still happy with the app!.
How many times i need to login to paypal? It was working great but after recent changes I have to login to paypal every time I buy something. It's really annoying..
Helps me to watch out desirable items especially useful for bidding not to miss,gives more options in certain cases, sends audio reminders..
Been on here for around 15 years, rarely have had an issue. There's enough seller information to make intelligent purchases. Good stuff!.
I been using ebay for 6 years...and find it extremely useful in finding iteams from clothing to collectables..and never had any problems using the app ..so i buy with confidence..
Using on pixel XL, it's still good. I've had a good experience w/the ebay app on my pixel 2. The interface is mostly clean. I actually think some of the interface is better than the website. It's been mostly bug free. Although, if I go to my messages, it doesn't take me there. I have to tap on the messages link a second time to go there..
Very lovely app. I really get to authentic items from Ebay and its very reliable, your card details are save with them. I love this Ebay app.
Works great and has good enough work flow. Only quirk is that sometimes unnecessary stuff come up on the search compared to the site from a web browser..
Easy to navigate and manage notifications. Has never crashed on me like many apps are prone to do..
Good convenience only wish there was a way they could make like a messenger bubble that pops up when active bidding is going on. I also wish the searches would stay a little more focused.
Ebay app is great super easy to track sales and bidders in one click. Customer service is incredible, there response is quick and helpful, their follow up is the same. And they're on top of all aspects of what you're sell, how you're selling and helping you to sell faster and better. I'm very happy with selling on Ebay and doing everything from the app..
I only use it because their garbage mobile browser site is broken. They made it so you just "verify" yourself in loop ad infinitum. Their "help" section is also a road to nowhere. "Use a different browser" seems to be the only answer they provide. How about make your site capatible and ubiquitous? No? Ok..
I love ebay it is very easy to finders what I looking very easy to understand all information and describe on the product also the shipping it is always on time and the price it is very affordable thank you ebay.
App has issue that hasn't been fixed in over a year. Could not add items to the shopping cart even though i already had a an item in the cart..
Pretty good. Crashes sometimes but it may be due to being stored in the memory card in the phone and not the phones internal storage..
Can't send messages to my customers. All earlier messages have disappeared and no new ones can be sent..
Best app I have on my phone. Well thought out, multi-functional, intuitive, works all the time..
The app is now unusable. You cannot message customers and cannot even look at your own inbox.
Can do things you can't from the web page. Good to search listings Very easy to list..
finding stuff that I can't find anywhere else and have only had positive results very easy to use..
Great display and easy communication between buyer and sellers. Nice to be assured that both buyer and sellers are covered by Ebay!.
Good deals, but initial price shown is often misleading. The price shown initially is often much lower than the actual price charged. Click thru to see the item and find out that the lower price is actually for an less valuable accessory. Misleading when looking for low prices. I've reported the problem to eBay multiple times, but it's only getting more common..
It was great. I just have to pay close attention to what the seller descriptions to the product say..
A lot of different items at good prices. Easy app to use..
I'm annoyed that I had to hassle with upgrading my Ebay app. Everything was working fine..
Stopped accepting my password. No login solution. Total fail. If it doesn't get fixed no choice but quit after decades of use..
I have bought quite a few things thur ebay & i have always been satisfied. When there was a problem ebay honored its money back guarantee. So That makes me completely satisfied and always going back to ebay..
Easy & fast! The way it should be in a perfect world! In glad your trying. Great job!.
I used to love the app. It was a good way to sell and earn profit. Now with the update its terrible and bulls***! Having to pay fees and ebay taking 10% of your profit! (If you sell an item for $200 you'll get roughly $165 or around that!) If you want to buy then its a good site but if your tryna sell stuff like me, stick to nextdoor or craglait where you can list for FREE! sorry ebay but I give up on you!.
Easy shopping, related item algorithms makes finding what you want/need much quicker. Finding automobile parts lower-priced than your local retail stores is a given..
Great App, easy to navigate and use from start to finish.
Problems w offers as someone else pointed out. Best offers received or counter offers show up in ur message but no way to use app to respond. The link in app just redirects u to front page that has been corrected but there is another problem. The end of auction 15 min notification is random. 90% of time less than 10 or even after auction ended. App has ALL available permissions.
Your update to the app's graphics are AWFUL for some people who have visual disability as you cannot revert to the previous app which was easier for some to see and use. There should be an option to return to it as the new one has now rendered eBay nigh on unusable for some people. ***************'* Now there's tinkering with checkout and forwarding to PayPal. JUST LEAVE THE APPS ALONE !! Geez !.
The filtering and searching are fine, but the app notifications have the worst timing. I had placed something on my watchlist and the bid was set to end today at 4:05 and that's when I got the notification, it still even had the place bid option even though the bid ended. The app used to tell you like a couple hours beforehand but I missed out on a great deal because I though the app would remind me but it didn't, not even 12 hours before would been nice..
A constant go to app for me. I cant recall the last time i had a problem with it. The only thing missing in android is the app should appear as a default option when i go from a daily email search to ebay. It does not bring up the app when using firefox and some other browsers..
With the new update it recently had, I am able to find products faster, some of then I might need to type the name but now is way easier to search for things.
Great App! I have used Ebay for years. Admin holds bad sellers accountable for bad or incorrect item sales. Great returm/and money back policy if needed. I highly recommend both the App and Ebay to find anything you may have a hard time finding at good and honest prices. Many items are sent with free shipping. Genosurf....
I love eBay and can usually find the items I am searching for. The app is pretty easy to use too. There is the occasional seller that claims to Live in your country but does not so it take much longer to get your item. Delivery for 90% of items is free which is great. I would never sell on eBay however because the fees when you sell stuff is ridiculous. Otherwise it's a great app for purchasing anything you need..
Love the new interface. Easy to use. Easy access to essential info. Fast..
I have used this app for years, and for the first time and for some unknown reason, when I'm taken to the PayPal page to pay, it processes and I get to the page, you can close this page anytime, so I close it and nothin happens the purchase isn't processed tried it 6 times with same result, so eBay, you have obviously changed something in your last update to cause this issue, and don't ask me to email customer services because I simply can't be bothered to do that, just fix the issue..
We are dedicated buyers of Ebay. Most of the time we have no issues. With that being said my 4 star rating is for a couple reasons 1) When you search for a specific item and it shows same,similar items there it is the very item I searched down below! Why show me the very item I clicked on??? 2)when 2 or more people share an account if they're was a way to make gift purchases where the other person/s are not able to see an item was purchased even just for the Holidays maybe with a pin number JS..
Only issue is it won't keep running in the background even where you give this permission. So 1 misses on end of auction alert of 14 minutes.
Been a member for years, easy to use, first place I always look. Sold a few things as no hassle as yet..
It stopped working for couple of days. However, once the bug got fixed, it worked brilliantly. Thank you..
Not quite as good as using eBay on a PC but pretty good. Easy to find what you want and make a purchase..
Very nice app, I like the free shipping on many items, and there are many great item to choose from 😁.
I love coming to eBay because you keep on improving making it easier to shop! I love it!.
Buggy as hell. Lacks basic functions (offers redirect to website to complete?!) Nothing ever gets fixed..
After all these years it STILL NEEDS WORK I've got sellers sending me messages I can't open or respond to. NOT GOOD ENOUGH..
I love how when you are looking for something the app will guess what you want and try to find it for you by just a few words..
Great variety of products and price points all shipped quickly and safely..
Super easy to use and find stuff. They've got everything. Ebay was first and still the best.
Of all the apps I have had the pleasure of using, this one is by far my favorite one! I have used many shopping apps and most are far from perfect and many are not very fun, which ruins the experience, but Ebay is in a class all by itself. I have thoroughly enjoyed each time I have opened this up to go shopping. Keep up the good work. I will absolutely be back to shop..
Very good! One thing is that I wish there was an option to have your filters on diffrent things you search instead of only having it for one thing and when you search for something else you get your filters earsed. Over all a good app get it instead of using it on the web browser if your on a phone or tablet trust me you'll like it!.
Very fast and efficient, and loads up quickly for easy use. Two thumbs way up!!!.
This app allows me to search for items of interest and shows me different options available and purchase the items I want directly without ever leaving the app. Also let me save $10 on my first order using the app. Saving me some of my hard earned money. So far, I am liking the app. Easy to navigate..
The E-Bay app is much easier to use now especially when paying through PayPal. To start with it there was a little problem with it because I would have to repeat the Login to PayPal but after a short period of time it was all working well and no problem with it since..
Easy to use and very convenient! I'm happy with it. I think it would be an improvement if I could access my custom lists as well as the watch list though..
Very easy to use and very convenient to have the app on my phone. It makes buying from eBay easier..
Clean, easy to browse, easy to filter. No reasons to complain..
Very simple and intuitive. The app tells you which of your saved searches has new listings, unlike the website..
Good but slow to load and filters don't look to have been applied well to the posts ,with irrelevant items showing..
Overall an excellent app. It would be nice to have an "item received" button after leaving feedback.
Type up a whole listing. Hit list button. Progress wheel goes forever until app crashes. Nothing saved. Garbage..
It's a great app for annything you want to by to add to your collection of scooby doo sesame street looney tunes tiny tunes and animaniacs as well as pac man and sonic the hedgehog as well but that's just me then.
This is pathetic on the Pixel Slate. Renders images in list mode ONE BY ONE. Think of dial up dialing in to the internet, yea its that slow. ONE STAR!.
Very easy to search items and filter results. I've never had a problem with making a purchase on here..
Supper easy to use , and is prompt with navigaring for what you want . Unlike the other big seller that stars with an A ..
I love shopping at eBay! I always get high quality merchandise at excellent prices. Customer service is friendly and efficient, and always willing to help. You can purchase anything on eBay and always get high quality products..
What up with this new update sometimes you can't see your messages other times the app won't let you send a text please fix this.
Rubbish, 'Network Error' when tyring to sign in. Changed my password etc. All other aps work just keeps saying network error One plus 7 pro.
Great app working always well. And ebay itself is really save time and money..
The app has been good but after the last update it takes forever to show photos of the items I am searching for. I use fairly speedy 4G internet so it is not my device, however on the PC it works like a charm. Buying through the app is a complete pain as of now, please fix it ASAP..
A great app which I use often. It simply makes purchasing online items so much easier and secure..
Amazing. So efficient and simple. I'm on here too much lol, but I enjoy the ease of access, variety, and searching ability, really the hands down best shopping app, true a thing or two to improve, but no one is perfect. But they are soooo close to it. It is my most used app so not flawless but still incredible. :) My favorite app, for better or worse for my...wallet lol..
Fantastic App ,no messing around ,once you have created an account ,you dont have to keep putting in your payment details . Brilliant ..
Not so much an app, more a way of life! With a little wisdom and experience you can sell some fairly eclectic items and buy incredible bargains. Recently I have been clearing out my studio equipment store cupboard and then substantially upgraded my home recording studio without actually spending out anything, and been able to keep my older cars running smoothly, all thanks to eBay!.
Always get things on time getting when they say they're coming once in awhile something doesn't come on time but most of time some things early I really do like the app.
Help, on the most recent Android client for Android 7.1.1, the navigation keys are extremely hard to see, white on white. Please fix..
It was working just fine, but since a few days ago I am not able anymore to add products to my watch list, receiving error 314023..
Ebay is good specially in this pandemic and easy to use the app trouble free. Many thanks for the ebay team who are making people's life easier..
I've been dealing with eBay for about 20 years there's nothing I cannot find on this website prices are reasonable and I never had a problem.
Messages not loading in the app. Says I have none whatsoever. I do have messages in my eBay on my pc..
After the update, it takes forever to load messages. Pretty pointless now.
App has gotten a lot easier to use but ebay protects their sellers to much if you have an issue with one of their sellers there isn't much you can do if the purchase is over 60 days old you can't leave a review on the seller or if you had an incident with a seller your aren't allowed to leave a review. So your stuck with either an item that broke after 60 days or no item at all cause it wasn't delivered to the house. But ebay said it was so you lose. Yeah F the consumer ..
Notifications take so long I keep missing bids all the time. Seeing as it's losing eBay money I'm surprised it's not fixed 🤷.
Have used ebay for years. Awesome app when you just cant get out to find the items you want.
Lacks Major Features! I get this is a mobile app but some things can only be done through the ebay website! But when you try do open the ebay website on your phone the app pops up instead with this limited features... It just gets in the way and stops me being able to sell and buy effectively! Avoid the app and just use the website on your normal browser.
Easy to navigate, full of features like the real website. Makes buying stuff almost to easy..
Super fast, super efficient, super prices and excellent range of products. Everything you want from a site..
Very easy to use,very happy with it. Some apps are asinine, this has ease of use..
Very disappointing policy, once new version launched, the older version cannot be used..
making a purchase using your debit card there's a little box asking to save your card info that is automatically in the save position.If you don't manually uncheck the box it will save your card information. I had stored some items in my cart. I then moved them to save for later. Then I receive a message saying I purchased 4 items.I never agreed to buy anything. I removed my card info ASAP.Then without card info it asked me to pay for something I never committed to. I will delete this app.
Excellent buying experience. Let me give you a little secret a lot of people don't know. Ebay offers lower prices than Amazon on a wide variety of merchandise. The only area of disadvantage for Ebay is Amazon's advertising and 24hr customer service contact availability. Nevertheless, I buy with confidence when shopping with Ebay and its online sellers..
Never had any issue s with the app. Able to navigate through it without any issues..
Excellent platform for sellers. Easy to use and super fair! Love it!.
I always go to Ebay first and find the best price to compare,nearly always come back and buy from Ebay in the end..
Easy to use. Quick to find items, quick to purchase or sell..
Great to use and has turned me into a serial user with how simple yet effective the app is..
Sometimes I get emails from eBay asking for item specifics that I do not have. Most features of this app work fine but if you use two factor authentication for PayPal it throws you out into the web browser for payments which is not what I would have expected. The eBay app works fine otherwise..
Been using this for awhile, the fact that Ebay will reimburse you from bad sellers on bids and things coming in not as promised or detailed. They paid me for a 60$ messenger bag I got and then 2 weeks later realized it a long RIP under the top inside that I would of never seen if my son did not turn it inside out one day ( he is 4 at the time ) so yea. I use Amazon and walmart for some things but rare and discontinued items, vintage, collectables, xbox, ps4 are great deals on here...
Much easier to use than the web based version. The only issue I have is saved searches are unreliable, sometimes bringing up 1000's of items then 2 mins later 15. The latest update is causing problems with PayPal when trying to pay it returns to sign in multiple times. Not clever. Shame it was pretty good..
Too many CHANGES that are AGAINST the Seller as compared to 10-15 years ago.😥 Now....after 22+ years being with eBay they've now made it IMPOSSIBLE for me to continue selling as I have for years.... This WAS a great website for MANY years but the changes that have been initiated are UNFAIR and breach MY privacy.... It was fun while it lasted..
The app is good, but it's need the black version of if, also it takes forever to sync with USPS..
Always loved this app until recently. Over the last month or so it keeps asking for my PayPal password. Never ever did this is the past, does it all the time now. To add to the fact I don't feel comfortable putting my password in every day, it always tells me my password is wrong, when it isnt, and then I have to reset it. I contacted them via Facebook and was told to go to the app and activate one touch payments and this will rectify the issue. There is no option to do this so. Ruined the app..
Quick, easy to use! Huge choice of everything! Best prices and offers!.
Any updates have not improved anything in fact the app works worse doesn't matter if I have it on my iPhone or my Android never as stable as the URL and quite the time wasting mess too.
Very easy to use, great app, have not experienced any issue with it.
Love this app❣ You can view absolutely everything regarding your Ebay account and if you ever have any questions, you can request a telephone call from customer service. Response time is very reasonable, so you will find this app to be invaluable!.
Good but frustrating to lose to other people or when the bidding gets out of my reach..
Always a great experience using the app instead of online. More security and easy checkouts..
An excellent app that is very easy to use.Clear and precise and very well presented..
Always positive. Everything is so easy to find! Love ebay..
Great Easy to use and Follow, just remember to go through the App to communicate with buyers. Returns are not that easy sometimes this depends upon where the seller is based. Seller bases are not always clear, Hong Kong based in London? Only really had one major 8ssue in about 10 years of using eBay, so I would be happy to recommend this service..
Why do I have to scroll through adds and other irrelevant stuff constantly? They're everywhere, I can't even look at an item description without scrolling past adds. You even have to click on a small button in the middle of adds to see the description, It should just be there right under the picture when you open the listing! Stop hindering buyers from actually buying!.
This is good to buy thing from, its so easy to use but when it comes to selling your own things, don't do it ebay charges fees and sometimes doesn't accept you paying them until u are in det with a lot, but like I said when it comes to buying things its been good for me, ive enjoyed spending my money on buying from others..
I like eBay's marketplace and what the sellers offer but there have been a few times now where I've bought a few times and for whatever reason, the purchase has failed. Instead of just allowing me to reattempt the purchases, the items are removed from my basket and that's it, like they were never on my radar. I've actually been waiting for things I've never bought, because I haven't been told otherwise. It's a bit annoying. Can't you have some sort of way to reattempt a failed purchase?.
Prefer eBay over Amazon. 10 year veteran of eBay. Love it, keep up the good work..
Some features missing that are in the web application. Ebay is difficult to work with. They charge a fee on shipping so I have to charge customers more or lose money. They are becoming an online thrift store. I think as more option for online selling open up Ebay will dwindle away. I know I'm looking for a different platform to sell from..
Love the app, love the ease of using eBay. Beware of rouge sellers and false delivery times. Otherwise it's awesome.
Mobile apps need to learn that just because I have the app, does NOT mean I want to use it ALL THE TIME. Everytime I search for something on eBay on Chrome, it just opens the app without my consent and searches whatever there. I did not want this! I will not ever want this! It makes no sense when I already have Chrome open, and when you've got a phone with such low resources as mine, you DON'T want apps opening themselves all the time. If this issue is fixed I'd rate higher..
Love the app. Easy and convenient and I've had no issues with the app as of yet..
Just awesome always on time and if there's a problem always on hand to sort it out love shopping on ebay wouldn't go anywhere else.
Mostly good descriptions and photos. Very detailed filters to search!!! 👍🏼.
The only reason I use the app is to field questions when I have something listed for sale. Otherwise, I prefer to sit at my desktop computer when I'm on eBay. The functionality of the app is just not as friendly and comprehensive as the website..
Perfect for any shopping needs. Excellent options. PayPal provides peace of mind!.
I would like to see categories before item specific because the categories change what specifics is needed. I also would like to be able to change the condition description on the app. Now not on the app but on the email I get saying something sold. I would like to see what is in the "custom label "on that email. Thank you for what you do..
It's a convenient way to navigate the site and keep up with watched items, bids, etc..
I have a great experience shopping with eBay in fact I have always had a great experience with eBay if there was any issues with a product I purchased eBay helped me settle it immediately. EBay also has in out standing customer care Department which is very helpful when you have any questions. most of all they have a great deal of selections and inventory on hand that I shop for. thanks to customer service, sales Dept,and the eBay team thanks again...
Great app, quick and easy to use. Never crashes. Highly recommended.
Love Ebay! With 4 kids, findingstuff in great shape (used) for cheap helps alot!.
I have always used Ebay when I want to buy my things, anything! & v happy with it :).
Accurate,and up to date,on my ordered pkgs.This is a must have app,if you do alot on Ebay!!!.
Great app, easy to use but not as many functions as using eBay on a pc/laptop..
Great app for buying and selling. Just updated the app. The new design is really awful. The first page has too much glarey white. Where are the blue borders at the top? The icons are awful. The "Buying" headings etc. are not in blue. On the Selling page, the items that are ending soon are at the bottom and you have to scroll down. The photos are too big and have curved corners. This app was better before. Why has it been changed? I am struggling to use it. I get fed up with apps being changed..
Cons: App could be so much better if all your account info were able to be accessed. No way to view eBay bucks from app! Why? I get more search results when using a pc. Not able to use quotations for searching exact words in listing. No reminders for auction ending soon. Pros: ability to enlarge product pics. Saved search list shows items not viewed yet. If you want to see items previously viewed, exit & re-enter the saved search. Ability to watch an item easier by tapping heart icon..
Very good, easy to find searches, and gives my user history easily, without having to search for it. Also, and very important, I noticed the menus are a lot easier to navigate and find options in the user settings, ie; account info, purchases, sales, etc..
Well I've been away from E.Bay for a few years. These ARE a Few Tips that I've Found_Remembered. -PRO'S-Find Almost ANYTHING -CON'S-God forbid [IF] you're A hoarder! 》REMEMBER《 LOCK UP your CC's/+\DON'T GIVE ANYBODY YOUR # Under Pain OF Spouse OR your bank statement! ⊙Especially NOW with (1)Being Bored {+}•-•{or} (2)Upcoming Holidays. (3)Your Eyes May BE Bigger THAN your WALLET.
It's a really efficient app 😍.....very good to use with doing yr eBay stuff on yr phone but the major issue which needs fixing I think is the silly thing it does when I'm trying to do stuff from my phone web browser on the eBay site due to limited functionality of the app, it automatically re-routes to the app instead of staying in the browser when I wanna use only the browser! 😞 - like for things such as requesting total from seller, updating my promo listings etc..
Ive uninstalled this app. They added edit buttons and what not but its still very limited. Not useful at all, which defeats the purpose of an app. The process of purchase is broken, links to tracking dont do anything, and theres no feedback option (which is a very important part of the process) . Searches also are limited for some reason, even applying filters, results are not the same as on the site. Not recommended at all. Just use the site..
I love eBay and use it daily. One feature that has recently disapeared is when looking through a list of items, the number of items available in that search has been removed. It was so helpful when scrolling through items to be able to glance at the top of the screen and see the number of how many items were in the search. PLEASE BRING IT BACK!!!!!!! I also have items in my watch list that I cannot delete. Not a good upgrade this time.
Never thought I'd be comfortable buying stuff online, but it turns out, I LOVE it! Almost everything I could possibly need or want, right at my fingertips. One stop shopping from the comfort of, well, anywhere! And it gets delivered right to my doorstep. Shopping the old way seems so savage now. My new catchphrase, "Buy now". LOVING it! 👍👍.
Great for buying,but I pay for a ebay shop,and my listings show fine on pc,but on mobile app I only have 24 items visible out of 105,and any new items i list do not show up either,and I don't think I'm alone in this problem,as most people shop on mobile now I need all my listings to be visible,ebay please sort your android app out..
Excellent no problems with the application. My purchase was slick and easy 5 stars..
Ebay is pretty indispensable but the app has some big problems. There's no way to set preferences to avoid getting Chinese scammer counterfeit products in your results. Every search always defaults to showing results from everywhere. So then you have to go and filter for US only and still there's a bunch of fake Chinese products. The photos: the pics are so highly compressed that it ruins them. Color shifted, blurry, banding. If buying clothes you can't tell what you're getting..
The app is great. Cheap items and I always find what I'm looking for but the reason why I give 2 stars is because the new method of payment bothers me a lot. Now the app is requiring you to add either credit card or PayPal before checking out which bothers me because I don't have a credit card or PayPal and my only way to buy stuff was using gifts cards but now I can't use them if I don't add a stupid PayPal account. Please fix this, even if you don't read this, just do it..
Enjoying this app. Easy to use and personalise. Naturally, it costing me a small fortune..
Excellent selection of goods. Quick and easy to use. I enjoy using the app..
As a professional photographer, I sometimes need to find an item fast in order to purchase it for my needs. The setup lest me list what I need and gives me the option to review it for my final decision to buy it upon my selection. I like that the most! Much needed in today's world..
Never had a problem and I bought 350 plus d and d minis out of production through the platform. I never used ebay until I needed hard to find star wars minis and was/am very pleased with the app and service in general. Can't speak to other markets but it has served my needs very well..
Easy as heck to use, all the information I need with no annoying ads..
The Ebay app is one of the best apps I have, never a problem very secure and I find things that Amazon doesn't have..
So convenient, too easy to spend all your time/money in an online shop that sells almost anything!.
Have used this app for quite a few years now and it's fine for the most part. However, I find it annoying that it defaults to allow offers and what's happened to the picture insertion? It keeps cropping them so you have to take a picture from really far away so you don't lose the top and bottom off it but you then can hardly see the item. It would also be handy if you could combine postage using the app..
App works well and I do all my listing from it. The only downside is it is missing the advanced listing option of disabling the annoying Best Offer option which is automatically applied to your listings by Ebay a set period of time. Add this option and it would be perfect for me..
This is a great app! The notifications tell me when one of my items has been sold and keeps me up to date with them. The UI is easy to navigate and nothing is wrong or missing here besides one thing: when purchasing a shipping label, the app auto fills the ship date as today's date, EVEN after 5PM when the postal office is closed, which I constantly click on and print. I have to access eBay on desktop to prevent the auto-fill of the same day, it's a huge waste of time..
Have used it a couple of times very handy during lock downs simple and easy to navigate great job..
This update you can not remove eny thing from Purchases Allso in purchases it says The details of this order are unavailable at the moment. This update the same cant remove from Purchases..
Product should be categorised more than what is done now. The same product is shown dozens of times. They should be consolidated into a single listing and then you should be able to go their listing there and choose the cheapest or the fastest delivery or whatever. Also, there should be an option to list same items based on delivery date and how fast you can get them. At present it is an hassle..
Generally pretty good... just a little slow at times loading all the pictures and advertising. Maybe streamlining the data would be a sound investment. The custmoer service system is excellent allowing for quick and easy resolutions with sellers and buyers. Most of my purchases are now through ebay, as they set the standard for alot of e-commerce. Strongly recommend to friends, family, and business partners..
Android 9 update. Nearly 2-yrs after first review, little has changed. Like MS and Google interfaces, they cripple or miss helpful features, in favor of frivolous spam delays. For example, to promote purchasing, users should have total control of auction end time alarms (no alarm sound length limit, no. of alarm repeats, time between repeats, volume, warning time before auction end, and settings for default or specific auctions. I use PicClick in browser to get more shopping done in less time..
Anything to buy or sell is a push of a button. Very handy indeed! Keep up the good work. Never disappointed!.
This is app truly helps me finding products that I'm looking for that aren't sold in stores no more even tho they are used items. Only that some sellers are ridiculously selling items that are just too pricey and shipping cost just too high. Overall, this app is really great! and I do shop and buy the used items that I can't find on Amazon..
I love selling on eBay, it gets to a wider audience. Too easy, Great..
I'm pissed off I'm very frustrated with the system. They don't allow real human contact anymore no phone calls or anything, the help center and Autobot texting is hardly helpful. I have an issue I cannot list anything. I can't tell if I'm restricted or something but the seller hub is not available on the app only online same with many other things the drafts and listings didn't post on the 1st of Nov A lot of them were scheduled to list on that date. I can't access the drafts I made only online.
It doesn't get any better than this, find anything, buy anything, sell anything, search for anything!!.
I do like this app, but it would be useful to be able to print out packing slips and address..
Usally find what I want at a good price and always protected if there is problems with a purchase which does not happen too often.
Good selection of goods fairly fast delivery. The auction goods always came at the specified time, have nothing but praise for this site.
Use it every day and it is great to use. Easy and straightforward. Could not reccomend more..
Easy to find and filter what you want. Big fan of eBay and their app..
Great item's on Ebay & cheaper. I recommend anyone to use this app & purchase from people. My order was shipped fast, will be receiving it quick also..
Love all the updates. Awesome dark mode. Easy to save items I like. Very good..
EBay is easy to use and accesses a good range of items..
I love that they keep it simple. All I gotta do is say,"Hey,eBay," and bamm... Ya'll enjoy your day,stay safe,wear mask ❤❤❤❤😙.
This is my first time using the ebay app on my phone and i am enjoying the fact that the book i ordered was cheaper than amazon..
I was loving this app but for 2 days it's not allowing me to look at frequently searched items. I'm getting a pop up box saying... Alert! Price value must be numeric characters. Please provide a valid price. Error Type 243026. I've tried deleting my search history in settings but still have the same message. The problem is only in the phone app and all is ok if I'm using eBay on my computer. I know it's a small problem but it's been bugging me for 2 days. 😁.
Have had a few instances where I buy an item, the money is sent. Although I don't receive and confirmation, or the item arrive since there was no confirmation. Had ebay help me close a case I could not close due to the 'close case' not showing up for me while I was talking with the seller. Then I find out the item really doesn't fit when I had it installed to my car. So I let ebay no and was not able to get a refund due to the case being closed in the past..
Latest update works poorly. Filter blocks part of phone screen when trying to look at items. Search brings up items without the search terms you requested. App works slowly and more quirky. Was forced to download another new update 9/25. More difficult to get searches to focus on what you are looking for. Type in title and DVD and get blu-rays. App was much more useful a couple of updates ago. You also keep getting more and more data wasting stuff that is of no interest on the initial screen..
I have a deadline looming so I decided to rate this app instead. No problem so far. I'd say the less favorite side is not having money to buy myself stuff that probably don't need, but still want. I know it's not a technical review, but I needed to say it out loud to the whole world (of reviews) and make peace with the fact that I have 1 hour left to complete my work and I'm still typing here like a buffon, waiting to fill all the 500 characters available for this comment... Come on... Ok, now.
Love this app. When I order something on ebay the app keeps me updated with all the tracking info. I can contact the seller and they can contact me all through the app. eBay follows through to find out if everything went ok with your order. Yep this is the way to shop online. Thanks ebay.
When you're looking at your inventory, it automatically reverts to newly added, rather than what you had before like ending soonest. And it's like that every time! Messages keep showing up even though its been deleted. Full purchase history is visible even though you deleted it! This review is the same as last update and is no different with this newest update. Nothing has changed!.
Really useful app. However, an issue started a few updates ago and still persists with the current version. Each time I do a search and filter the results the app tells me to "enter a valid postcode". My postcode is correct and if I tell the app to automatically detect my postcode it immediately re-enters it as I had it set. This is really irritating as every search and change to the filtering of results triggers the message over and over. I don't get this issue on the website through a browser..
I absolutely love ebay! I've been a buyer for years & have never had a problem with them or their app. Many sellers offer free shipping! You can find just about anything. They also guarantee most anything you purchase. If you are not happy with your purchase, they will give you a refund. The app customizes to my likes/searches so it will show me items that are similar, new or discounted. You can also save all of your favorite buyers/sellers & get notifications when they add something new!.
Ebay app is very convenient and useful when I'm trying to find a good deal on an item I Always check ebay...
The app is great except the fact that you cannot remove certain items from your purchase list, makes your list look very crowded and a mess you guys need to fix this and also it would be great to be able to get your invoice from the app which right now you can't.
Once again another update with a bunch of problems. 1. when using the filter sometimes the option of completed or sold items does not show up. 2. Searches are retrieving lots of items that don't match the search terms. 3. When trying to print a FedEx label receive error that says item to large, when it's not. Prints fine from web version of eBay. 4. Finally why does the app not allow combined shipping..
My only complaint is I can't open more than one tab, but works great..
Most of the time the bid confirmation doesn't work so you lose the item. Makes the whole thing somewhat pointless. If using Buy it Now the PayPal link doesn't work properly with the "new" checkout. Total garbage. Better to use the web version instead of this crud. Re Developer's response: I'm not here to do your quality control. Sort your own mess out at your expense not mine..
eBay claims to have an option to report price gouging on their app, but it is nowhere to be found when actually filing a report on an item. If this is fixed, I'll leave a higher rating. If every last scalper is removed from the app permanently and is banned from ever selling anything on eBay again, I'll leave 5 stars with no hesitation..
Generally easy to find what you want, and good filters to find local sellers or specific brands. Items usually arrive as expected but when there's a mistake it's easy to ask for return or refund, though sometimes it can take a while if the seller is reluctant for a claim to process.
I love shopping on Ebay , being able to find exactly what your looking for all in one place even personalised special cards & gifts without having to leave the house, wich is perfect for me as I'm disabled & cant leave the house without help, during the current situation Ebay has helped not only cheer me up by being able to purchase items for my home or as gifts but made life so much easier knowing I can still buy basically anything contact seller's get advice , 100% Reccomend.
Easy to use, great prices, and also get discounts from sellers..
It's always enjoyable searching for bargains. I have never had to return a faulty item yet. I find that sellers on eBay are great at answering any questions and positive feedback means more than it is worth for them to upset anyone with bad service..
awesome app. Would like to see more consistency in check out..
Always a good bargain to be had on eBay...some really nice sellers..but finding a lot of scammers and chancers..to many PayPal scammers..be careful..but overall eBay today , tomorrow, timeless,👍.
Always quick and easy to use Have used Ebay for years app makes it so much easier to access ..
Always can find what I want and communication from eBay is always great!.
Love the app for keeping me current on what is happening in my eBay store..
Back, home and all apps button invisible with white background. Need option to keep solds showing when scanning different items..
I have used ebay for 15 years and I'm kind of partial to the. After all this time. And when something is messed up they do eventually get to fixing it. When they came put with mobile apps there were some problems for me as my Mac had died. I am thrilled that in the purchase history you cansctially tell which items are on that invoice the total with everything g its so fast now to reconcile checkbooks. Noe if rhey can do something about how to request a total from a seller to combine ship!!!!!.
It is a good way to get a item for someone or even your self for a good price. Or if you are looking for a very hard to find thing. Is very good. Up dated 10/12/2020/ still like ebay as I am Sing Before is good place to get hard to find items and sometimes rare items to. Keep up the good work.
This app just keeps getting worse and worse... Hundreds of identical objects in searches, a third of the capabilities of the desktop version... cannot ask for a combined shipping any more, cannot search by seller, cannot sort by price without shipping, the list goes on. I've never seen a service get worse by the day like eBay. Unbelievable..
I prefer eBay over other mail-order companies and auction sites, because they have a proven track record of reliability and help customers stay safe when buying online. This app works about as well as their desktop browser site does. The only difference I've really noticed or missed having, was not being able to place items in my own custom lists. There only seems to be a favoriting ability, which works okay, until that list gets full. And it does fill rather quickly..
Removal of multiple same seller items from Purchase History, or the greyed out Purchase History not working. Archived Messages doesn't work. Paying with PayPal is now slower as you have to enter your details with every purchase (Remember My Password doesn't work) makes buying a chore. Getting slow and clunky with each update due to poor coding. Stick with the desktop version..
Good experience. Amazon tends to get the same products faster but eBay has more specific items. When needed I use ebay for those special items. It's nice to be able to bid on used or pre-owned items. So it's a really good way to shop while having competition. Been using ebay for years and will continue to do so..
I've been using this app for probably 20 years now and will continue to use it on a weekly basis for the rest of my life. Very easy to find and navigate through the app, ask seller's questions about their items and paying is really easy too. I've very rarely had any problems dealing with seller's over 2 decades and whenever I did, the problem was always handled quickly and properly with no hassle. Great overall app for buying Anything you will ever need at a great price!.
Great app, although I do recommend a sniping program in conjunction..
Easy to use and navigate. Quick shopping experience all at your finger tips.
Great app. Almost always find what I'm looking for and at a lower price than anywhere else..
I like ebay alot I have a hobby and this helps me find items. I have gotten ripped off once so make sure u make an account and don't sign in as guest..
Great app I use it almost on a daily basis for whatever it is I need and want easy to use I can get stuff from all over the world.
Very easy to use and functional you know exactly were you are even on the move. Yes I recommend the eBay ap..
My experience of the eBay app is one of pleasure. Its quick and affective..
Great app, have used ebay since 2003, I never have had a problem. AAA+.
This app is great. You can find almost everything you want and most items are free shipping..
Great app, #1option whenever I want to order something. In my opinion it's better than amazon.♥️.
For years has been very easy to use and always find great items at great prices..
Best search function for al your shopping experience. Best prices and best deals used and new items..
Slow to load everything in this few days...watchlist, messages, saved seller...everything.
I downloaded the app after quite a while, recovered my account attached to my email, updated all my information, and created a listing to sell some baseball cards from my collection, only to be notified that my account was suspended the next day without and given reason. The app doesn't let you get in contact with a live person. I've tweeted them, emailed, contacted their stupid automated chat, and still nothing. The app is awful, and ebay is significantly falling off in customer service..
+It's a little easier to navigate than the website. +It doesn't make you log in as often as the website. -It still has tons of sponsored listings that don't even try to follow your sort requests. -i haven't found a way to turn off the notifications of randomly stuff similar to what I've purchased that come on the middle of the night without disabling all notifications..
What's with this horrible new design? The app has looked pretty much like the same for YEARS. My other phone came with ebay pre installed and I bought my phone 5 years ago. EBay has been fine up to now. I really don't like the new design, and it's really laggy now. Please can you give us an option to change back to the old design? If you do I'd really appreciate it, and by reading the other comments I'm pretty sure everyone else would too..
I love this app, I can literally find anything on here and spend quite a lot of time looking for obscure items. The only issue i have ever had is a seller either got banned or deleted their account after I purchased something and I could not find anything about the transaction except the amount I paid. I thought I had gotten ripped off but my package came in a timely enough manner from China with no issue. However, it makes me wonder how often that happens and people don't receive their items..
Last month or so photos take an age to open on chromebook R11. No problem with other Android devices in household, unistalled. Update ...... Installed again after using browser for a few months, and it's the same slow unusable rubbish. Time to uninstall again..
Recent update seems very buggy. Just get lots of loading spinners and have to close app and try again..
I find it extremely helpful in helping me with all I need. I've made several purchases and it's so easy to order. I trust eBay and know I can depend on them and whatever I'm looking for. I also like when your items pop up letting you know when the purchase amount has been changed. And when it tells me that that the item is almost gone. The most important thing is that I can trust eBay!!!!.
New app has more functions, you can always add more and improve refresh in messages and bids.... now it got 4 stars from me. Bug: After winning the bid for collect only items the pay button does not exist - you still haven't fixed this, I need to open the website on my pc to make the payment. I dont have time to go that that address you told me to report the problem. Please fix this it is really annoying bug..
This app is pretty good. I really like the fact that it alerts me when something I'm watching for bidding on is ending. This allows me to bid on things from my computer but not miss the end of the auction if I'm away from my computer. Other than that the app is not as good as using the computer interface but it's good enough for searching for quick things or something like that..
2.5* Ebay would have been a better marketplace if it stayed the way it was before. Personally, I don't use, nor do I want to use PayPal. And the only option for receiving payments, is through a PayPal. I tried to change my seller preferences, and everything, but there is no way to be paid by credit/debit. I would like if it let me receive through payments like Visa, credit/debit, etc..
I have used this mobile app for a number of years and have never had a problem, makes shopping easier when out and looking for a great price when I see something in the shops. Linked to my PayPal for payment security aswell. This app makes it easier for selling pictures loaded straight from my phone with on the go communication. Satisfaction all round..
Wow, this is the first time I've ever had a true one-click experience! After I found my item, I slid the "Slide to pay" button, and it went right to "Your order's in!" Awesome! To make that happen, just be sure that the eBay app already knows that PayPal is your default payment method, and that you've previously told the PayPal app to keep you signed in..
The incredibly few number of characters permitted to leave a seller feedback in the app are absolutely ridiculous. I expect to read accurate feedback from other buyers, but cannot trust that I'm getting that feedback when I can't even add my own accurate feedback on a transaction. I also shouldn't have to wait 7 days to leave neutral/negative feedback. If the seller earned that feedback, I should not be forced to allow them to resolve. They had the chance to do things ethically the 1st time..
app is for buyers...doesn't do much for sellers. doesn't even make any sounds when it should..
I am 68 years old and not at all tech savvy. I had no problem using eBay at all. Thank You.
I have used E Bay from the beginning. I was glad they developed an app so I could keep up with listing and sales while on the go. It also helps me when I am looking for comps when out buying. It saved me from a few purchases for re sale that would have been costly..
Rubbish. You search for something and have to wait ages for the app to load it and once it has began to load you have to wait forever for the images to load. rediculous. Then when you go into the item you want have to wait ages again for the images to load. Then back again to wait for the same images from the search results to load all over again. By which time you could have found seen purchased and had delivered your item from amazon. Update - It's been 9 months and still as slow as ever.
Really don't like the hassle i have to go through now with selecting various ways to pay at the end. It used to be quick and simple. There's not much point to the filters if the sellers can dodge around them. Selling samples and so on. The amount of fakes, and selling of absolute tat for a small fortune is annoying in my searches..
I enjoy this app, online market place which, is the only one I really use as such. It can be a hobby, and a curse, as at times I overspend so I have to reign that in a bit at times. Great customer service, with call back, and lots of guarantees if the item does not arrive or not as described. And occasional free eBay return labels. Great promotions like getting to list for free..
Great, use it more than laptop. They do change the interface once in a while, I do not know why, have been an ebayer over 15 years, maybe 4 on apps. Great site, but north american postage or global shipping can be as much as item, sometimes more..
I love this app but a few updates ago, they removed the 'leave feedback' option on purchases. I made eBay aware of the issue but nothing has changed yet. It's not the biggest deal, but it will impact if I leave feedback or not now..
Intuitive, user friendly. As apps go it's perfectly serviceable..
I get notifications when items sell (cha-ching!) or when items I'm watching are ending. As a seller, some of the functionalities are not the same in the app as the website but I still can't imagine selling without it in this day and age..
Easy to use, gives recommendations based on searches. Great!.
App is faulty, can't see messages from sellers so sending returns back is almost impossible..
Extremely easy to use and navigate through just as well as on a PC.
Please fix the stupid slide to pay feature . Every time i try to slide it to the end it snaps back . A Great app for finding hard to find older items . But currently the offers from sellars do not work . Sellars send offers for a limited time reduced price . Yet sadly the links do not work any more ( messages & Notifactions ) . Also the offer does not show up on the item . Please fix this . I'm getting offers for items im watching but can't access them ..
After my previous feedback you still haven't replied to my text. I find it quite unpleasant that when I buy an item with the tracking and I click Tracking Page it doesn't show "dispatched" green tick, "transit" blue tick and "out for delivery" green tick except when is delivered. Did I pay for tracked item for nothing? Wonder what EBay is actually updating continuously. Fix the problem..
Love ebay. My No1 auction site. Both for buying and selling. So easy to use and navigate. Used other sites and they just dont have the options and features. The staff are always on hand to ask for advice and help out when needed. No complaints at all really. Somethings you can't do on the app, to what you can so on the site. Bit frustrating. But if you are able to use both formats you get there. On the whole I love it. :-).
Works as users expect it to. Pretty intuitive to use as well. One minor annoyance is the limit on a certain number of items a user can save in his Watchlist. On the upside, it does allow for a fairly large number of items to be saved. Just remove the cap altogether, unless eBay wants its users to slow down their shopping activities after a certain point?.
All around awesome app. I like to compare pricing across websites and Ebay always has the best deals. Also while I have received at least one faulty product. The provider was quick to send me a replacement. Ebay all the way!!.
This app, what I consider one of the founding shopping/selling apps of all time. It not only gives you the chance to find something that you only thought you could buy at some famous auction house in a differ country on a piece of art by some famous artist per say, but also gives a individual the opportunity to sell their unwanted item's that just sit around or the idea if starting a online business. To the person that reads this thats never used the apo I encourage you to try it out..
Really frustrating App. The main site much better. I hope they revise app to be more intuitive like the regular website! Some things are impossible to find, or should not be so difficult to access....like cancelling an offer as a buyer (not on the bids and offers page). And when you search for the page to cancel an offer, you have to enter the item number, which you have to close the cancel offer page to get, then re open to type it in. Why not just automatically show my offers to make it easy?.
App is good, searching is an easy UI, but you do have to slog thru a lot of ads and sponsored listings, which actually makes me prefer desktop. Messages (inbox, not push) I delete or read come back next time I open the app, and push notifications sometimes don't show up (I'll get two marketing notifications in a day, but none to tell me an item sold, even tho I have that option selected). Good shopping, though!.
I logged out of my ebay account via this app. And when trying to log back in all i keep getting is "network error". I've tried deleting it, turning my phone off and back on. Nothing is working!! I need it to check on the items i have for sale!! Can't be needing an update cause it would clearly give me the most uodated version when i re-downloaded it. I've had my account for YEARS!!!!.
In the app, the "Contact" feature doesn't appear consistently. I also wanted to write an inquiry regarding an item, but when composing a message, the specific item doesn't appear. I had to go to the seller's homepage and find the "Contact" option. (Found it near the seller's profile photo, but will be better if emphasized or enlarged.). Another thing, please show the number of watchers. Please check.
They talk a good game about having the back which is a lie because after they sold you a piece of junk all they do tell you to be patient and say you will for sure have you refund on a certain day but that is a stall.
Highly functional and smooth. Unlike a competing app by the world's largest online retailer, this eBay app actually saves time and makes shopping enjoyable on mobile. Filters, categories, watching, notifications, deals: All the key features are there in an easy-to-navigate interface. I do worry about privacy though, because I get snide comments from the app anytime I physically visit Ikea....
I love the user interface of the app it's super easy to find everything and use but the "Automatic Bidding" HAS TO GO!! There is no reason for me to click on an ad that shows $25 and I go to bid then I'm automatically outbid all the way up to $150. Why can't we bring back the old bid system where it shows you the current High not GUESSING what the High MIGHT be just to find out your wrong..
Finger print signing doesn't work. Pls. fix it. Thank you. This further to the original note above, until today since last year 2019, biometric fingerprint login still doesn't work. The outstanding problem still exist.!!! The big company like you shouldn't have any problem to fix this issues as you a lot of man power for this simple things. GET IT FIX !!!!..
Its totally helpful. I just got a 5$ code which totally motivated me to buy something which I've been trying to buy for months already but it was always sold out. It was a motivation for me to search if it's up for sale again and this time it was. Thank you! But besides that it's still really good to use and till now I didn't had any problems with ordering something. It works really great!.
Useless, when I tried to make a bid it said it needs more info about me and sent me back to the home page in an endless loop. Had to make the bid through my browser, without needing to give any more account info as it happens..
Overall pretty good, but some features need work. Specifically, I always seem to have issues paying for multiple (split) orders via PayPal, the ebay app continually asks me to login to my paypal whenever I try to do a split order, and never accepts my login despite paypal indicating a successful login. To complete these orders, I am forced to use the ebay desktop website instead of the app. Additionally, I have had the app crash a handful of times while browsing the deals section..
Nothing but good. Been with eBay a long time now and always found it very useful for just about any perchase you may require. Very rare there has been a problem but when there was eBay sorted it out for me very quickly. Would recommend..
Love Ebay! Have met really nice people, and bought many items. Search,find,buy/sell!.
I love that I can find great deals on eBay! Super quick and easy to shop!.
Simple, clean, easy... what more can you say besides it's nearly perfect. I can't believe how straightforward this app does it's job. No big noise and fireworks.. just.. perfect. I wish more were this free of hassle..
Very fast checkout with no fuss. But you can spend hours trawling through looking for items, and postage times aren't exactly amazon-like, but if you don't mind spending time finding items and waiting for your order then it's fine..
I shop here alll the time and the app make it so much easier than to get on the computer and have to boot up and be restricted to one spot. With the app I get all the notification I need when something I'm watching gets a price reduction. I usually come here first then later I go to Amazon and I always manage to find cheaper prices here. Complete steals..
I like the app, however I have recently had some issues with a "network error". When I get this I am unable to sign into the app for the whole day. I think developers need to look into this as it will start putting people off from using it..
Dark mode is awesome. Easy to navigate, very simple user interface. Makes selling much more streamlined. The audio alerts for incoming sales are super helpful. Works as good as the desktop site. Highly recommended..
Great app always finds what you are looking for on it a lot of amazing stuff on there as well neaver no what you are going to see cheers 👍.
Pics are cool and the products are descriptive enough that you do know what you're getting before it arrives!.
Ok just not so easy to see your menu and such ,seller listings, navigate a bit like the real one..
Constantly having problems uploading the watched items. Lost out on loads of auctions because of this..
So far so good. No bad experiences. The rating system helps customers buy with confidence. Would definitely recommend to others. I love the fact I can find things I would no longer find in a store on this website..
Like having a shop for everything in your pocket, easy & excellent..
eBay has become very easy to use but when it has deficiencies they are very noticeable. In the last year I've been able to complete only 50% of my purchases because of the change in their payment system. EBay has made PayPal more difficult to option thereby costing sellers Sales, and me money because I've had to purchase through more expensive sellers. I have brought this to the attention of eBay PayPal and many sellers. I continue to use eBay but it has forced me to other internet sites..
eBay is reliable, consistent and the app is easy to use. The only thing that would make it better for me is if there was a way to change the location settings permanently so I didn't have to go filter every search to us only results. But 100% happy with this app..
I been buying car parts slowly and having this app is great. It takes straight to what I am doing and shows me alternatives. It also shows if the parts will fit your car. I think that is a great feature. It saves me so much money then buying parts from the auto parts store parts are way cheaper then in amazon prime. Ebay is awesome..
Overall the app does ok. However I subscribed to a store once sales increased. Much to my disappointment you have to use a pc to manage the store. You can list it on the app but you can't use store features even on the entry level store. I sumise that is you have listing auto feature on the store it will not add it automatically within the app. Store is ment to save time and boost sales. I can not even see the store link on my profile in this app. Great start but honestly work on it fast..
Should be able to do more things in the app. Also, eBay bucks total should be available through the app. Should be able to multi select the item condition. For instance if I want new with tags and new without tags I should be able to pick both on the mobile app. Swipe to buy it now doesn't work..
This used to be good but now everytime I input a single character into the search bar it comes up with an error message that I am not connected. This happens on both wifi and cellular. Once I finally do enter my search and press enter everything works as its supposed to. So clearly I was connected all long. I did some checking and this has been a known issue for a while now. Even restarting the phone doesn't fix this. Ebay fix this app..
Awful and unusable. Doesn't even open properly, can't view my messages, my items, can't respond to questions!!! looks like it's crashed all the time. I've uninstalled it and reinstalled it multiple times. Think I'm going to remove my items and sell them elsewhere. What a nightmare..
Extremely convenient. Lower prices. Can find almost anything..
I recently went on a buying spree on my account since I made a little extra money, an hour later I got an email saying that there was suspicious activity on my account and they canceled everything I ordered. I then reset my password like they prompted me to to make them happy and an hour later I tried to log into the app again, it said that I needed to verify my account with my security question that I forgot the answer to. Then I called and the robot answered telling me to go on the site..
There is a seller on eBay that goes by ranger_562 to be wary of. I dont yse eBay very much, only 4 times ever. The first 3 times were good. Then came along ranger_562. After I overlooked the fact eBay had saved my address from 2 years and clicking the button "same as billing address" because I wanted to use my new address. The package was delivered to the wrong address and when I finally received the package, it was the wrong item. eBay refused to let me leave a negative reply. AMAZON IS BETTER!.
Transactions are now going smoothly. But I am curious about the cart itself. Whenever I try to buy multiple items from multilple sellers, the whole transactions discard some of those, but charge for the items that didn't get discarded. I an not sure if the app allows one item per transaction at any given time or if there is a glitch. Thank you in advance..
Excellent buying portal for most of anything you require. Well deserved five star's..
I usually can find the things I need, some of the app's issues seem to stem from crooked sellers, not scammers per say but just mongers of cash. Anything for a buck kinda additude. There are a few bugs, paypal links dont always work, a lack of back links when ordering items at checkout, and messages that say an item is now selling for less, click link, when I have bought these, I got charged the full prices anyways. Not the best platform for buyers. But you can find what your looking for..
Terrible forced update - just to be able to keep using the app. User interface is horrible. Font too big. Less usable. They cut off the corners from your listed photos to make subjective pretty curves. Do yourself a favour and uninstall the app. Make yourself a web browser link icon directed to the website and use that instead of the app. Use a web browser that can force full desktop instead of compromised mobile phone browsing. Much better ebay experience..
I've sold on eBay off and on for (20) years! I stopped selling on eBay (2) years ago because I HATE PayPal! You have the Managed Payments System but it's taking you YEARS to roll it out to ALL your Sellers. Why does it take so long to setup Managed Payments with Sellers? RIDICULOUS! When you allow me to use MANAGED PAYMENTS - NOT PayPal - I'll start selling on eBay AGAIN! Until then I'll sell on AMAZON, BONANZA, MERCARI & POSHMARK because they don't FORCE you to use PayPal to process a payment!.
Poor update. I collect MTG and for some unknown reason and for the first time in Ebay history. They have removed the individual options for separating all the different card games now when I search MTG I get pokemon, yugioh and a bunch of random card games. Making it difficult to scroll through and locate what I am looking for. @eBay why have you removed listing options what kind of back tracking is that it's moronic and a bloody nightmare as of now your app and site are bloody useless to me..
I like using the app for listing however it's becoming more and more frustrating.....when adding specifics I will get to 90% threw the list then all of a sudden the full list deletes itself and I have to start from the beginning again....and it's gone from happening possibly once a day to every other listing....I have filled out the specifics on the listing I am currently working on 4 times now....I cant be the only one this is happening to....
This is an excellent app for a buyer. Since I have not sold anything via the app, I cannot comment as a seller..
Very easy to work with and for me that's a plus. I edit my pictures, my books and anything else. Get this app and you'll be writing, photographing, pricing, and listing items faster than you ever thought possible..
The app is very useful. I was doing my item descriptions on my phone, but it was taking a little bit to finish them. And with the eBay application I am able to finish the item in half the time or less. But it is extremely useful..
Good app for shopping but for selling & sales is inaccurate & absurd, ebay adds up total value on your profit sales yet it doesn't change by refunds or cancelled orders making invoices tax you more than what you gain....... App does a poor job with customer service & really just a cash grab app for a big company that isn't even caring about its own app but profit a ton from every seller.....
Great easy to use app the only downside is that I can't print my postage labels from the app, unless I'm missing something.
Bad experience with ebay app. I can not see items for sale and few other issues which are quite annoying. For the provision they charge it would be nice to have proper tool to achieve our selling goals and 10% for their goals. Bad bad bad..
Love this app, i can find almost everything ill ever want on here, unlike Amazon, and at a better price..
Always prompt replies. Never any problems . Enjoy shopping now!.
User friendly and I find all that am looking for at the tap of one button..
Excellent ,everything ordered came in good condition and before the expected time always. I love ebay ,its the best.
Can usually find what I want , and most of the time shipping is Free !.
Ebay is always quick to resolve a problem. Definitely a satisfied customer..
Great fun. Any problems I've had eBay has sorted it . Recommended.
Unable to search for items in the us from Australia. I get internal error message on one item.
Wonderful app & website. Absolutely love the money back guarantee!.
Deleted the app off my phone to make some room for a bit and now when I'm finally ready to use it again I CAN'T! Why? Because it says my password is wrong, so I change it. Then it says that I signed in with a different computer last time and it needs to verify who I am by asking me security questions that I NEVER ANSWERED IN THE FIRST PLACE!!! So where did you get the answers from? Apparently not me....absolutely BS.
There is no button to actually send a message to sellers. Horrible oversight for the app. You can pick your option, write your message, and add photos, but literally impossible to actually send the message because there is NO BUTTON!.
This app is very useful 👌 I can find almost anything that I want and the customer service is very good 👍..
Really helpful when I am away from my PC to keep a track on a good deal. I had a situation where I was to collect a purchase and the seller had another great item. So he created a listing and I've bought it on the spot and made a payment from my phone using the app. All it took was less than 5 minutes..
You can't double click the item name anymore in order to go straight to description! I'm lucky I have cloned previous versions 🤬 Price refinement doesn't work (except the slider) Padlocks 🔒 on refinements are gone. If you change one word in the search - they reset and you have to go through all of the refinements once again. It became more of a pain in the a**e time-wasting app than a conveniency....
Love using this app, always get what I want on here, at present the app keep crashing and would like to know why, it stay on the screen for 3 seconds then disappear, can this be repaired. Notice more since the last update, will change my rating once resolved. Update on the app October 2020 the problem's I was having with this app has been resolved for sometime now as I mentioned in my last review I would change the star rateing once satisfied. Hope I can have a voucher for this 😊.
I found stuff I have wanted since I was a teenager. I like EBAY. I don't like the people selling Comet airplane kits from the 1970's for $25.00 + for a price tag when the kits originally cost $2.00 to $9.00 back in 1978-82 before Guillows Airplane model Company bought them out. I did find a Comet airplane kit for sale that was over 60 years old from an elderly coupe. The husband never built the model. He had it since he was 9 years old. Now he is 78 years old at purchase. It was like new!.
This last update has Ebay notifying you on an item you are watching after the item has finished, or not at all... notifying you on item's you may of just viewed or scrolled by but are not watching and are of no intrest, and item's are not adding you'd wish to watch or are not removing if you don't like an item... Also why do I constantly have to re-enter my PayPal details on check out... what next!.
Great app. Improvements I would like to see: More refined results. Ability to set your default location instead of having to select it every time you search. Additional info from last review very helpful..
Absolutely amazing platform to buy and sell by, the options and help available by ebay is outstanding. They help every step of the way whether your buying or selling step by step guidance plus video tutorials. They're customer support is first rate, and they're guidelines shows they're great ethics. I'm truly impressed..
I have been using eBay for many years now. They've had ANYTHING I've been looking for. Maybe not always new, but they usually have it, nonetheless. Deals offered daily from eBay. They guarantee your purchases WHICH I absolutely love. Prices are usually cheaper than store prices, of other same items. Plus I don't have to shop all over for it. Delivered to my me MY SEARCH TAB GETS USED A LOT😊👌 Give them a try. Don't think you'll be disappointed. Good luck!!!! =From a frequent shopper to you😁.
This app allows you to search using key words or by scrolling through a list of pictures. Once you start clicking on items, it presents you with similar items. This opens up your horizons to products that you never knew existed. You soon arrive at just the right item, at just the right price, at just the right time. Very useful..
Infuriating. I get notifications for stuff that is days from ending. I know it's in my watch list. Notify me when an item is getting near the end... that doesn't happen. Should. Doesn't. The searching stinks. The more specific you get, the more garbage it gives you. If you want a cheap gizmo, you're going to see 100 gizmo adapters and covers and spare parts before you see a single gizmo. China China China! If I want to wait 10 weeks I'll use aliexpress. Must I really recheck US only every search.
2½ really. It lacks some of the useful functionality that the website has. Eventhough the option is unchecked still get too many notifications regarding something that may have simply opened and then don't get notifications telling me something in my watch list is about to end. Also, shipping and banking is a bit monopolistic as eBay overly encourage the use of PayPal and Packlink..
How neat. Everything's been compartmentalized.(Past reviews) Back to a familiar but more importantly a convenient format. (Old review, kept for reference) Changed the filter menu for no reason. It was perfect the way it was earlier and now the broader options (which make navigating items faster and easier) are now at the bottom of the filter menu..
I like finding the items. I love the selection. I also sell on eBay but the fees between eBay and PayPal most of the time you barely break even. Plus the cost of shipping items out keeps going up, at times I feel like the buyers don't realize what a seller goes through to sell the items. But I love supporting a small business with my purchases..
Works great overall. No complaints. Few features would be nice to have, e.g., being able to create/edit listings with size variations from within app. If it is an option, I haven't figured out how to do it yet. Still, app is a full win for me. Makes managing my products easy to do from anywhere..
Apps going backwards, why does it direct me to have to sign in with a browser to print off labels and view pictures in messages? Why does my watch list now default to finishing soonest, when I've set it to newly added? So that I have to reset every single time I move away from my watch list and back again. Why can't I get help for the app via the app? The app is pretty good but the above annoys me immensely and needs sorting out before I will give it more stars. New checkout is awful..
Would like to be able to swipe left or right to be able to see next product your looking for instead of go back select next and repeat process over and over gets to be a head ace if your searching for a specific item. Also the 3 rows of from same seller, similar items and the other one would be nice if it would show different item instead of same ones..
I use Ebay from more than 14 years. I never had a problem. Very happy to use Ebay..
Excellent app! Ebay are, undeniably the pioneer online marketplace, but above that, few appreciate how much these guys have done to give us the confidence to purchase socks or cars or million pound boats, how much they, literally paid. The app has, nearly achieved perfection for its intended use. Two very little bugs that's annoying me are: -multiple choice items csnnot be removed from the watch list or "unwatched" -it's still very difficult to handle/act on cases in the app Otherwise, I LOVE IT.
Bought literally thousands of dollars worth of items. 1 out of 100 in my experience have been bad. The only problem I can find is when you have 2 matching addresses but with different towns,that are 7 miles apart & you never get your order! I even left record conversations with the seller for my bonus,only to be denied & said delivered?! Google the addresses. Not my problem you were 7 miles off. Should have been enough with about 4 days of messages of no arrival yet recieved the arrived email!.
Very easy to use and bid! I prefer the mobile app for listing items since uploading photos to the computer is less direct. You can snap the photos and create the listing all from the mobile app. With phone cameras being most people's primary camera this is sleek and efficient. Hard to delete messages in quantity, sometimes it is clunky getting to the contact seller section, and wish the settings were easier to get to..
The app doesn't even deserve one star. Selling ANYTHING on eBay is a nightmare to say the least. Not only is it unimaginably stressful and complicated, PayPal doesn't even let you sign in while trying to pay for a shipping label. This app isn't just complicated and stressful, but they also top it off by surprising you with expensive hidden fees. Please don't use this app to sell. Use Craigslist, or ANY other selling platform. Again, ANY other app would be thousands of times better. Unacceptable.
I have used this app for years. Now all of a sudden I get newest update and I cannot pay with my PayPal in any way. Won't take my monthly payment or allow me to purchase items. I have always used my PayPal. I have money on it. And still use it elsewhere. Ebay is about to lose a lot of business. FIX or we will go elsewhere!.
I love ebay! Free delivery on most items. All items arrived on time. Once I've ever had an issue and ebay refunded me straight away. Amazing service and will always use it..
Great app can always find what your looking for.. would like to see coupons or maybe ebay discounts after so many purchases.
A buyer has decided she no longer wants an item she clicked 'buy it now' for. Whenever I try to click 'cancel order' it signs me out! I even logged in through google using the desktop site option and it's doing the same thing. Cancel order > signed out! I can't cancel the order!.
No messages showing since update Also the app lags on wifi and is slow generally. Ive Uninstalled and reinstalled many times.
It's really easy to use. Handy compared to using the website on a phone.
Great app for buying and selling online, I use this app constantly with confidence.
I love this app but since yesterday the exit, minimise and back buttons have whited out making it difficult to see..
My watch list does not show time remaining, or the number of bids on the item any more. It's just blank. This has happened with the past 24 hours. I still don't get bid ending notifications. This has been the case for 24 months!.
The application allows the buyer to organize and compare the items searched for based on the user's criteria. It also allows for specific items to be searched for within ea h sellers offerings or between different sellers. I'd like to be able to send requests for specific items across several sellers or to be able to let sellers know the items I'm looking for..
For listing it's pretty good because I can scan an item's barcode for preexisting information and I can take photos & automatically add them to my listing instead of having to upload. It makes listing items a bit faster. For buying, the search is pretty good but viewing listings on the app is a jumble and it's hard to find the description..
The ebay app is user friendly. One significant feature that distinguishes ebay's app from all other selling platform apps is the search is very sophistacted. If there are misspellings or multiple item descriptions, the ebay app rarely reads "no matching items" like the others; instead it always pulls up exactly what I am looking for or quite similar items. This tells me that the techies at ebay put much more effort into building the app than their competitors. Thumbs way up for ebay! Molly B..
The app is appailing. The app needs some of the old features putting back in that were incredibly helpful, like the ability when items have arrived to mark this as such, now there are constantly shown as dispatched even when you have the item/s for months and also cant delete them from your purchases even items bought for over 2 years ago. Why when you have deleted messages do they keep reappearing on your inbox?. Stop asking me to enter a valid postcode when it is..
I really enjoy shopping and building my wish list and getting notifications of things I have my eye on while relaxing at home. What I DON'T LIKE is getting constant notifications while the notification option is TURNED OFF! 9-28-20. Issue has been fixed since last post and has been a 5 star app. Recent update added a work bar at bottom of screen. Very obstructive, unnecessary and annoying. 😤.
I've been with eBay for many years now but find their app is buggy and the UX a regular source of frustration... latest issue was I went to purchase an item then entered my PayPal details only for the app to reset and require me to login, find the item and start the purchase again from scratch. No wonder eBay are losing market share..
Awful. Daunting from outset to sell goods, my sale was a fraction of the average eBay quoted, the help sections were clear as mud. Worst of all, the option to print a post label does not appear for sold items in the app, it only appears when using a browser, but if you try to use a browser, you are automatically redirected to the app and the postage was more than quoted. Horrible experience made worse by the app..
Sure, the app let's you use eBay but it's a bit of a restricted experience, nowhere near as functional as the website. When on your watching screen it doesn't tell you what products you have bid on or whether you're winning or losing. It doesn't let you see your notes to self. It doesn't let you check bid histories. Honestly, just use the website, it's a better experience..
The app is easy to use. The only problem is they recently tweaked the search criteria and it's not as good. The search function used to be easier to narrow down, now it pulls up to many unrelated cards..
Like the app and eBay's customer service support that I can talk to the real person but the app doesn't have all options vs desktop, so if there is complicated transaction or issue I have more options on desktop, like invoice, or to retract a bid. Also, I personally don't like new look of pictures with rounded edges...Please fix this. Thank you.
Once again forced to update my older, more attractive and user-friendly app now to the very latest, clunky version that looks like it's been put together by a failed design student. Auto complete when filling out descriptions, vital for when listing many similar items, has been taken away and replaced by 3 useless icons. Stop forcing good customers to install stuff they don't want!.
It's cool. Not as good as the website on a computer. Some searches are not possible within a certain sub set, like searches for benelli within motor cycles, only within ebay motors. So it gives me parts and everything, not just complete whole bikes..
Brilliant app, never had any issues and I do ebay a lot. Much better than logging in via desktop. Just be careful as you do not need to log in when opening it, so always set a password, finger pribt or oattern security on your phone..
Lots and lots of great purchases I have made from eBay with great prices. Rarely had mess ups, even with this pandemic the service was amazing. Just review your sellers ratings before buying items. Every problem that DID come was fixed very fast and respectively. Thanks eBay!.
eBay is a much better platform to "buy" from then "sell" on. They have so many arbitrary rules and limitations that are placed on sellers, that it has gotten away from it's original appeal, which was always an open, safe, well-known site to buy and sell anything on. They use algorithms to screen and control user accounts and if you sell too much on your page, they flag that as "concerning" activity and they limit or shut down your account. eBay is what it is and I can't stand the PayPal idiots..
This app makes using e Bay a pleasure, so easy to use and very well laid out. Well done A☆☆☆☆☆.
Good for buyers, but not for sellers. Whilst buyers can do everything, sellers are somewhat hampered. A seller cannot print postage or packing slips directly from the app. Instead, they have to wait for an email confirming payment, then use the link in the email to print the shipping label and packing slip..
I get only 250 words to send an offer with a phone but 1000 with a PC. Too many pop ups..
Fantastic. So easy to shop. Lots of help to find just what you want quickly. Clear descriptions. Easy to compare. "Similar Items" very helpful. Easy to contact seller Just "pay" to buy..
Great app and excellent performance! Allows me to do everything I need..
Easy menu access..flows beautifully. Effortless finding what you need. Great app.
You can usually find everything and anything for your cars that you want or need onhere. I love and highly recommend it.
Great app. Easy to use and navigate. Great filtering and sorting features for searches. Easy to pay and contact sellers. I've been an eBay member for 15 years probably but didn't use it much till the pandemic started. It made life so much easier obtaining essential supplies I've needed for work and life in general..
Was forced to update as the older version is no longer supported. After scrolling down in my eearch results, i use to be able to scroll up for a second to see total listing number, filter, and sort pop up at the top. They moved the sort/filter to the bottom when scrolling back up and got rid of totap listing number. Why fix whats not broken and makenit less userul thak before?.
Very little functionality compared to desktop website. Automatically relists all your listed unsold items 8 times so a 1 week auction is a 9 week auction on here. Notifications don't come through until you open the app dispite all notification settings checked. Very disappointed..
Essentially the same access provided on a desktop, if not easier to use. Been using ebay for 20+ years, can't remember the last time I searched in a computer. Only suggestion, wish that eBay could prevent Sellers from listing multiple items together, one being dramatically lower than the rest, to circumvent price specific searching. Nothing they can do on the app vs. Desktop, just a problem with the sellers. A great app and a great service. Check against Amazon/Walmart; eBay will often beat them.
This app was fantastic but recently it randomly stopped sending me push notifications for watched items or to alert me when someone bid on something. The only push notifications I get now are for deals. I have not changed my settings, it says I should be getting them and I've checked on my phone and no settings have changed for eBay. I have no idea what you've changed but please fix this issue, it's very frustrating to miss out on an item because eBay didn't notify me..
Full of bugs on the app, PayPal and payment don't process for no reason, logging in is an absolute hassle, you're forced to ask for a new password on an email which never arrives. Its just a piss poor experience. Every time I try to buy something on the app I remember what a horrible experience it is. After 45 min and 15 failed attempts for a reason it's beyond me I moved to my pc and paid as a guest in 5 min..
I have been an ebay user since 2003 and have been quite happy using the main site even on a smart phone during the last year. However some functions have ceased to work on the phone so I switched to the app. I now have a number next to the ikon and have no idea what it represents. Now up to 41 even after I have read all my messages and notifications. Does anyone know what the number represents? It's annoying!.
eBay is awesome. I use it more than any other app. For buying and selling. eBay has fixed every problem I have ever had with any order. Even got to keep products when I got full credits back to me. 5$tar business!!!.
I have been using eBay for some time and huge let down was cancelling your order when you have found alternative or better or same item cheaper with another seller. Now with this app it is slightly easier to cancel your order (could be better). Other than that messages to sellers/ buyers is so easy and you can go back to the conversation. Very good app. I would have rated it 5 star if cancel order option is obvious and easy..
since ebay won't leave me alone about leaving a review I'm giving it 2 stars. Also sometimes when clicking things in the app it loads and it's just a blank white screen. honestly the app isn't great when compared to the website. Edit: the app is giving me even more issues so I've changed my review to 1 star. Would give less if I could 👍.
Well my experience it's been really good 🙂 there is everything you could possibly want. with a touch of a button or tow you have got what you have needed without going out. And you probably wouldn't be able to buy it in your town. Which I find absolutely fab 🙂. If you get in to any difficulties on eBay they are always there to help you in any situation you're in good or bad . That's why I find eBay a reliable place to buy . And I would recommend it too anyone . XXX Karen Mary feather 😁✌️.
I have found this Ebay app very easy to use so far, from picking the items i need to final payment is easy, efficient and fast. I find i have options of comparisons between other companies in order to establish the right deal for me with plenty of companies offering free postage, and can generally find anything and everything I need. Highly recommend this app.
the app is amazing, you can find literally everything and anything you want, you can try to bid and win things for a cheaper price, and the shipping i will give a 9 out of 10, cause 90 percent of the items i buy come in, but some won't come in or will come late, but sometimes the packages will show up early, but i do recommend getting this app if your reading this.
It took 4 attempts to change my credit card info and it was eventually successful but clumsy and not intuitive. I had to press the done button for an option to give the new number. There was no edit option..
works alright,wish it had dark mode. search feature could use just a little bit more refining but definitely far better than Amazon's. i have had problems with some sellers over the years and the app has very slowly changed for the better, kinda wish some more custom sorting options were available at the all department level like being able to pick sizing when the word shirt is in your search terms..
Like the app and I like the website but hate that it redirects me to the app. Tried desktop site and clearing app defaults but they don't make any difference. If I open the website in Google it's because I want to use it otherwise I would open the app,.
Since a recent update, the app now pushes notifications when "viewed" items are ending. Not items you're "watching" via the watch button, mind you, but any item you've merely viewed! In other words, I am suddenly getting harassed by the eBay app. There is no way to disable this without also disabling notifications for items you're watching (i.e. the ones you're actually interested in). This needs to be rectified asap, in the meantime I'll be blocking all notifications from eBay..
I had a successful day shopping for just what I needed. When you loose a part of something you really need the rest of it becomes useless. No matter how much something cost you can't use it unless it is complete. Ebay enabled me to find what I needed to return my item to a complete fully useable and valuable item..
No way to report mobile app reproducable bugs. Hitting Help takes you to forums, which was not helpful in terms of making a mobile app specific bug report. Called ebay, sat on hold for over 2 hours, and got told to report it on forum. Worst bug reporting method I have ever seen. Needs an IN APP REPORTING SOLUTION like every other app in existence. This is seriously the ONLY app I have used in 15 years of using android that has no capability to make a bug report..
The best, hands down. I know eBay isn't on board for the growth that Amazon and some other online retailers are seeing since covid, but their selection, prices, and highly accurate/functional keyword search (for obscure items) and browse recommendations are better than any other platform/store out there. The Amazon seller app is so antiquated and non functional it basically is a tiny read-only window into sales and units sold tallies (but of course, inaccurate and don't match sellercentral)..
I don't like the fact that I do not receive notifications unless I open the app. I have been doing a lot of shopping on the app and I've been waiting for messages but if the app is not opened, I dont get the notification tone. I also don't like that there's not a way to share the url of an item for sale via text, email or social media. I have to remove the app, open the ebay web site, find the item then share the link via text or email..
Remove the collection QR code/code It genuinely makes more hassle for both parties and no benefit. Not mention how the hell you meant to do social distancing when scanning a damn QR code? Seems like a lack of thought of it actually being user tested, and rather designed in purely theory. The implementation and use QR codes is welcomed, but this implementation hasn't been well thought through..
Enjoy using the ebay app scrolling during the night or day. Havent had any issues with it so far. #belize.
Amazing I've been using ebay for years its one of the best ways to buy or sell..
Have bought thousands of dollars worth of merchandise from this app than out of nowhere I cannot buy anything anymore. Everytime I go to checkout it asks me to add my card information even though it is already added. I've been in contact with support 5 different times today and they're so incompetent they cannot even help me a single bit. Done with the app and leaving a 1 star review untill this problem gets fixed..
Love this ap, works great everytime and I get great deals from bidding wars. Good clean fun..
Been using eBay a long time. Great app. No issues yet.🤞.
Very easy to use! Can find whatever I'm looking easily..
One or two small things missing from the pc version but overall its fine..
Ebay app is easy to use. And I got 10$ off just for downloading the app..
Overall great, however occasionally had some minor issues..
Very Good Site, Most Items arrive quickly, There are Many Bargains......
I appreciate the app I appreciate be able to shop and find products without having to go to the store. But I find myself less unless shopping online due to the fact that I really get what I want even though it says it's for a 2006 Dodge guess what it wasn't transmission filter so I find myself started to go back to the stores and less online because it's such a hassle to send it back. And you all know what I mean everything you would look at.
Ebay app is very convenient to use. Ebay in itself is a good place to shop because it has a buyer's protection. Ebay changed its checkout flow in using PayPal in a sense that PayPal checkout before was smooth. The latest Ebay update doesn't not allow you to conveniently choose which among PayPal payment options would you like once you click it. Should you need to change which PayPal payment option you want, login to PayPal separately & change it rather than making a quick change in Ebay app..
With eBay around 10 years, so happy that I choose ebay instead of any different company. Reliable, looking after customers, good product for buying. Well done eBay!.
The updated app wont allow you to save searches. The filter layout keeps changing. Some filters don't work eg looking for a black S10, so after you choose "samsung" & "black", you still have to go through a huge list of iphones to select model, but the search results still show purple & pink S9/9+ handsets.
Consistently disappointing. Latest gotcha is forcing me to complete on PayPal which means a log in every time. You never address any comments, just throwaway placating drivel. Sick of this rubbish but I have no real alternative because the web browser grinds along under the groaning weight of unwanted feature rich page rendition. Any silver lining? Sure- Amazon is much worse! Also, a web browser is the only way to manage feedback properly. Why can't you just try it as a user for once?.
Its really a great app with usually the best prices I have seen . And I look everywhere. Just wish selling on it was easier bc u tried again this month and wouldn't link to my PayPal account and I knew it was 10 percent only year's ago when I sold on it but now it's 10 percent plus additional fees. I believe those additional fees shouldn't be fot just the seller that sells one or two items a year in my option unless operating a store on its platform..
This app works well. I've had a good experience watching, making offers, and buying via the app. I have not done any selling on the app. There is a disconnect between emails from eBay and what is shown in the app that can make watching items confusing. That is my only complaint..
Absolutely trash app. Selling platform getting worse monthly. Random crashes while you're listing cause you to lose progress. You cant see your payments - in any capacity, which is ludicrous as Ebay recently [NON-OPTIONALLY, MIND YOU] made everyone switch to their absurdly slow managed payment system. They can't provide any of PayPal upsides, but gee whiz would they sure like PayPals cut! That sweet, sweet half a % Sure makes up for it! Endless sign in loops when trying to cancel orders, too!.
I like using Ebay more than Amazon.. especially in regards to being a seller! Great App!!!.
So easy to shop on eBay. I always find what I'm looking for with ease at a great price and most often w free shipping and handling. It's alot of fun and saves me alot of money in the process. I recommend to my friends and family all the time!!.
EBAY FIX THE NOTIFICATIONS IN YOUR BROKEN APP! The ebay app either doesn't push important notifications out when the phone is locked or sleeping, or it will randomly not send them, then send one here or there, then nothing. THIS OCCURS ON ALL THE NEWEST ANDROID PHONES - IT NEEDS TO BE FIXED ASAP - REALTIME SELLING NOTIFICATIONS ARE CRITICALLY IMPORTANT! Have un/reinstalled many times, set app battery optimization to "do not restrict" etc etc. THE EBAY APP IS BROKEN. EVERYONE HAS THE SAME ISSUE.
Several issues with this app including constant clocking when you try to read your messages and faulty results from searches with filters. And when you try to get around it by using the website instead it senses that you have the app and it takes you there. Totally frustrating..
I've had a great experience with the app but i have an issue... Some item listings do not provide the option to import an item from the US to Mexico with "Estafeta" when i see them from the phone. When i look at the same item via a PC browser, it gives me the option to buy said imports service provided by Estafeta. Think it would be possible to add it? Thank you!.
Major issues loading purchased items for the last three or four updates. Too many important activities can't be performed as a seller on the app (block bidders, retract bids, etc). No web browser I use supports full access of the website on a mobile device, which does not add to the overall experience..
'No Returns' doesnt work Totally pointless option that should be removed from the web site and this app. No matter what you list the buyer can override the policy so its totally pointless. Returns are on regardless. Im am hoping to have this reviewed for fair trade with some people i know in Brussles working for the EU. Sellers are not protected under No Returns!.
Forced to update, now it's just "worse". Cluttered layout, childish buttons, generally ugly and clunky. Why must developers 'fix' things that just aren't broken? I'll be using the app a lot less I feel. It's poorly designed and less effective now. Can you make it look like adults might be your target audience again?.
Its easy quick and reliable, just sometimes the item may not work..
Ebay is the best! I can find anything I dream to search for in mind on there & at the same time support the individual shoppes/stores there. I love it! Vintage items, an item you had & want again, just search your heart out!!.
Terrific App I use it all the time. One click check out makes purchases so easy. On odd occasions I have been redirected to PayPal which is a pain. But in the main everything is smooth and easy..
This is an amazing app easy to use and very convienient not to mention they have thier money back guarantee!.
Very handy and easy to use ap. Lots of great bargains and really good buyer protection with eBay. Ive been using Ebay for about 15 years and over 500 purchases. I'm more confident buying off ebay than from local shops..
Fix the app! No new messages when there clearly is in inbox.
Great for buying on a bargain. Easy to use. Just wish i could post reviews about the product.
Definitely the best app. You can find anything on good prices..
I can find everything I need easily . A simple and convenient shopping experience.
I love this app! Make my online shopping so much easier and im in control of everything.
I love the ebay app . I can alway find what I'm looking for at a great price..
It takes a little doing at first to get used to the way the app works, but once you do it's just fine..
Excellent app to buy and sell on. Great platform and service.
Pretty comfortable to use. Like it more than the online page..
I love shopping on eBay, always finding great deals at great prices!.
I LOVE EBAY!!!!!! I dont know why I hadnt ever used ebay before I was always told how awesome it was but in the last couple years I was looking for specific things that were discontinued to the market I finally decided to check ebay out and since then I havent been able to get away from it!!! I've only had maybe one or two hiccups with my orders in which case both times the people I ordered from were extremely accommodating and showed me costumer service I haven't recieved in years THANKYOUEBAY!.
Due to your 'new' filter and sort blue bar at bottom of phone app I've now stopped using eBay. It's annoying and useless! We all go to top LHS to adjust our searches. After thousands and thousands of dollars spent, thank you for putting something so stupid in your app which has made me stop shopping with you. Ciao!!.
I subscribe to trail of eBay plus for a month it was going fine, but after that my money was deducted for plus membership for a year without even notifying me and the problem is I cannot enjoy plus benefits when I open ebay app it doesn't show ebay plus on top left, I have to open a tab for it and when I open it it ask me to subscribe for trail.
Its easy to find what you want on e-bay,and I like the free shipping on most Items..
Heyyy, gotta say that this eBay app is pretty darn good!! Made a lot of transactions via the app and was satisfied with the outcome. The only thing I can *complain* about is the changing of any text into German when I'd like to read what I'm buying in *English*!!! That's pretty crappy and needs a quick change people, thank you.
Easy to use, the products I've purchased has been of great quality with an awesome price. Also within the app you can go under different categories such as your watched items which saves what your interested in purchasing. I enjoy the eBay app and have been using it for years and will continue..
I really enjoy shopping on the eBay site. The page is ( for the most part ) pretty straight forward, I got my account set up really fast, easy and secure. What can I say? Your ebay app. is so user friendly a monkey could use it. 🌟 🌟 🌟🌟🌟 For you eBay..
Easy to use! The only little issue is that I'll be getting late notifications. I checked everything including my phone's notification settings for this app & it seems fine. I don't know why 🤔 but overall everything is great + you'll get updates to the email that is connected with your eBay account.👍🏽.
I'm glad that we have this app available. Nothing is better then to be able to type in whatever you want.... And have it here as quick as the delivery options you choose from! A app to always come in handy, from electronics, car parts, down to candy!.
Great app to buy whatever you need, but be wary of knockoffs. I collect expensive action figures and ebay doesn't really filter out knockoffs, so you basically have to examine it very carefully and make sure that it has returns accepted. Other than that, eBay is a GREAT app for buying and bidding on items..
Simple and does what it should. Well it did, but now it won't open. Keeps crashing since the latest update. Hopefully might be fixed with the next update. Seems to be sorted now..
Easy to use. Always thought buying through Amazon was easier and cheaper (totally wrong on that). I like that you can bid on items and get them cheaper that way as well. I'm a creature of habit so I'm very happy I decided to shop other online retailers. I would definitely recommend using Ebay..
Force to get a new update on a app that worked great.The new up date on the app is horrible. Can't find the tracking number just tells me it shipped and the date it should be here. Took off my preferred payment of PayPal. Now you have to add it at checkout everytime. Had multiple items in the cart. Had to check out 1 and a time and log in to PayPal everytime. Just horrible update..
Great place to buy stuff most sellers are very good much better than the newer selling sites. Ebay stands behind they're sellers & buyers very fair....I've been on Ebay since 1998 never have I not got an item or got my money back...Ebay is my go to app for my sports cards & collectibles.
This app is one of the best on the market. It's easy to use, and those explanations for everything. And if anyone has any questions it's really easyto ask a question and get an answer insufficient amount of time. Thank u eBay for understanding your customers how to navigate in use this app very easily. I recommend eBay to all my family members and friends. Two thumbs up!!.
I've been with Ebay for 25 Years as both a Buyer and Seller. Ebay app is Very User Friendly, Easy to Navigate and a Seamless Checkout for Purchases. As a Seller, you can easily list items in an efficient manner, track sales and So much more! Download the app and experience All the features! Try it, you'll Love it!.
Love how i can always find what im looking for and the discounts i get and also how fast my items arrive never had an issue with them always on time.
I liked how secure transaction felt. I easily was able to only have my phone notified to confirm and verify my ID. The ability to take a photo of my card was great as I had typed the numbers in wrong and my first try failed 2nd was in easy. The amount of info re: my order and the date of arrival as well being able to leave the seller a message to thank them for continuing to push through these trying times was a cool feature. I will receive notifications to my email Awesome!!!.
I don't need some app taking up memory on my phone when I can use the website directly. Why do I need to update this all the time along with the browser when I could just use the website alone and you can stop making it keep going to this stupid app by default. I only want one app to update and less apps slowing my phone down, not two to use one website..
The app sucks. While you can do some very basic things, trying to do things like manage shipping labels or change the shipping information and look at options and many other actions are impossible or dificult with the app. I always end up having to use the actual web site anyway because the app lacks the necessary functionality. It would be nice if apps were made more functional..
Uninstalled I'm 3 minutes. It took over my search. I search in my browser and result jump into the app. Well, hello eBay, your app is not as good or versatile as the web version in some ways so don't fn force my search and hijack me like a popup. That may have been an smart move in 2010 but in 2020 it's an insult to users intelligence. So uninstalling after 3 minutes..
Hi there: I just love this app, very easy, to find what ever, you need, you will find all You ever wanted, best app. Love it 100%. Just do it, you will love it too. Good day. eBay you ROCK. Sinserly Yours: Happy Shopper.
Ever since the last update the barcode reader won't work..
Great way to get things I need that are at reasonable prices and sometimes with free delivery!.
This app on my android phone is a very good replacement for my desktop use of ebay. I sell on now, even more that I buy. As a seller, this app is still missing a few of the selling features that I an use on my desktop. I can't see bidders on this app and this app doesn't support some of the formatting that I can make on the desktop. The overall usefulness of this app is fantastic!.
Best selling app. Only downside is fees can be pretty high depending on your sales..
Apart from not being able to leave feedback since the 3 tick box the whole buying experience is 1st class. Please improve the above as I have left feedback prior to this. It seems to happen on the delivery box I've had deliveries for weeks and not been able to leave feedback until having the reminder from you..
I've been using eBay since 2006, as a buyer and as a seller. I can tell you how much eBay grows and it had becomes better and better. Thank you eBay. Continue working in this App, you are amazing..
I am so tired of being SPAMMED by ebay in my email im just about done buying anything. The app says you can go into your preferences and change it . but you cant. Everything is checked and you cant uncheck anything. No matter what i do there will be a constant stream of email alerts for things im not even interested in. This needs to be fixed. I am just about to call it quits with ebay. Absolute nusiance..
Very good, l've bought many things groom ebay and have have been very pleased with the results..
It's not as good as eBay on the pc because you can't leave feedback etc. It is ok though for buying and viewing products..
An absolute must have app, for buying as well as selling!.
Moments after giving this 5 stars, the app disconnected from my PayPal and refuses to reconnect..
I wonder its almost a year now since i purchased summer bags and no any feedback..tried to communicate with no response....imagine i payed for the items and haven't received them almost a year now and no response thats insane.
I use the eBay app every month. Lately, I've been buying parts to repair and maintain lawn equipment. I love that eBay allows me to bargain shop and compare pricing without leaving home. Even my 87yr old mother shops on eBay for gifts. With Covid-19 keeping her out of stores, she even buys her favorite brands of under garments like Hanes at great prices. It is secure and paired with PayPal, I love shopping this way..
The ap functions well, it takes an amount of time to adjust to the layouts, lots to learn if you are new to eBay and wanting to sell things. People who just want to buy things, you can get purchasing very quickly..
Some good /some not so good. Please consider dark mode with a pitch black for amoled phones. On Samsung A205U, photos are loading better most of the time but not all of the time, probably my network. Really would like to see dark mode. It's just so blindingly white to the point that I can use the screen as a flashlight..
I absolutely love the ebay app. Its super user friendly and smooth going. Everything is so freakin convenient. If you're thinking about it and are an avid browser Ebay shopper like me? Just download it. The app is way easier. Love it!!!.
Love it. Very convenient when getting small things I need for everyday life. Only thing I'm not sure about is whether I can trust buying things that are abit no more pricey and bigger like fridges, washing machines, etc. Other then that its great.
It ain't Amazon but I suppose it can't be. It's good but feel it could do with more visual clarity. Information is not formatted for easy digest and reading. Feels a bit dated..
Always a pleasureable experience when I'm buying on Ebay. It's one if my premier means of shopping, even if/when an issue arise. Ebay's representative's are always there to step in and resolve the issue (s) to both parties satisfaction..
This the best and safest option for buying and selling some sellers are a little more expensive on some items and cheaper on others. Great mix of hard to find items. Overall I give it 5 stars..
I love this App! I can make purchases on the fly and eBay has a huge selection of used and new items. It's nice to have a place online like eBay where I can buy some retro stuff you can't get in stores. I never had any issues with the app, it always worked great for me. It's simple and easy to use to both buy and sell. 👍.
When l got a new phone wth the same number l tried unsucessfully to reopen my account. 5 chats , trying to talk to a human sent me back to the chat room. Finally when l suggested opening a new account l was told to go ahead if that is what l wished. Clearly that wasNOT ID been on the phone for hours for. I did open a new account losing my lists and favorite sellers. It only took me 3 humans and 1 hour to get back on track with amazon. Shame on you ebay.
Messages don't display in this update. You can't send them either. Ebay manage to break their app with an update, again..
My go to site for online shopping. New update very easy to use..
EBAY'S WEBSITE IS GETTING BETTER & BETTER! Finally, the pay page is clear and simple to follow. I can go backwards and forwards. Even the "make an offer" page is nicer. Congrats 🎉 Ebay! Welcome to the 21st century!!.
Latest update prevents VPNs! Each letter typed into the search results in a pop-up window that says it couldn't connect to the network. VPNs are critical in protecting your personal data in public environments, this is unacceptable guys. It worked perfectly before the latest update..
Decent website but simple conveniences are overlooked. No customizable watch or sales list capability for organization. Alert tones are not customizable and usually don't ring anyway. No black background for easier night viewing. After winning an item, eBay should promote that specific seller to encourage me to buy more from that person to lower my shipping total and make them more money. A post sale "view sellers other items" isn't even an option... I could go on....
The general stuff works well but many option are removed in comparison to the Ebay app on my tablet and the website on my PC. Can't searcher unsold listing, has very limited options as apposed to the website for creating your listing and many other small things at as a constant user get very annoying, mainly when I can do it on one of my devices but not the other. great app on other platforms so use those don't use this..
The Ebay app is extremely easy to use. I have purchased a good many items using it. The only problem is that after a really large amount of purchases, the older items purchased are no longer in view on the purchase history. I can live with that in order to have the covienance and ease of use this app offers. I reccomend it highly..
Pretty good method to access eBay, though I would like to be able to record notes on items I'm watching or bidding on, like you can do for the full site. Also the secure access can sometimes cause issues if you are signed out of the app..
Does everything the PC Site does. Perfect for "On the Go" shopping..
One of my favourite applications. Of I'm looking for something old or out of stock, I'll definitely find it here..
Very intuitive and easy to use. I especially like the drop-down menu and the grouping of the different areas to navigate to. Not glitchy like some other apps. Well done!.
I dig Ebay over Amazon anyday when it comes to pricing, availability and over all hassle free. Never fails when I try to use Amazon I have issue after issue..
The app makes it easy to buy sell whatever you want to do right from your phone and I should know I've been doing it since 1999.
Far more streamlined than using the website, simplifying the layout and UX.
Pretty decent and simplifies finding & purchasing items..
Only been on ebay for about two years now had small problems but ebay handled the problem they are great..
Great App! One Suggestion: Move Contact Seller Button higher on page for easier visibility..
The app has always been accurate, helpful, and convenient..
Love this app. 💛 VERY easy to use. Easy to set searches and to follow your fave sellers or products. By adjusting your settings, notifications are very helpful. Checkout or purchase is very, very easy (although all payment options - ie 'Afterpay - could be shown earlier in the checkout/payment process). Shane.
Can no longer upload multiple photos at once. Am directed to file manager the upload photos one by one rather than being able to upload multiples from my gallery. Time consuming and laborious. Puts me off selling to be honest..
It's a personal experience but I've been trying since last 2 days to buy a product but the app isn't making any progress it keeps on redirecting me to the cart either I sign in for PayPal or use my card it's such a frustrating experience I am willing to buy a product but can't..
Tryed it uninstalling it completely useless where has item location gone plus searches are now mixed up with items I've not even searched for lots of other things wrong as well too many to list in this space bring back older version don't try to fix if not broken or just stop realising UPDATES BEFORE TESTING THEM AS OTHER SITES ARE AVAILABLE ☹️👎.
I have been looking absolutely EVERYWHERE for a specific item, but have had no luck finding what I was looking for until I downloaded the Ebay app. My boyfriend is the one who recommended me to try Ebay. He's been doing all of his online shopping with them for a good many years and literally orders from them almost every day of the week..
I don't know it's the app or the software of ebay in general. It's like it has bugs or sth. I am selling on eBay for 8 years and always there is something. Sometimes I see delivery/ postage options has increased to like 200 options. It's just always changing, not for good most of the time. Now on one of my listings says sellers away while I didn't put my account on holiday mode and other listings of mind don't have this. Just randomly I see it has chosen all my delivery option to $7 postage 😳.
I hate the new update you forced me to install ... The fonts and displays are too big, I want to change back and see more on the screen. There does not seem to be a settings option to shrink font and images, but the old version was fine for me. VERY unhappy, let me have the old app back..
Can the developer have a look at the app again, I can't go back on the app. When I search for a product and want to go back on the search list l cant. There is no back button. Please please look at the app again and make the fix please, it's so annoying..
The new update turned this app in to a scrambled mess! The categories are somewhere in the middle the filters pop up from the bottom buying format is at the top what on earth happened? The old app was tidy and well organized but now it looks as if at was chewed and spat out..
Happy to use the app for most things when buying and selling. Having instant access to camera etc means setting up listings are much less painful than a few years ago although i might switch to desktop to finish before posting if i want some extra detail in there in terms of formatting, etc.
Works well, havent had any problems in about a year using it. Doesnt seem to use much data. Awesome to be updated on auctions im bidding on, so im not out bid. Cool to be notified of special offers and deals from sellers. Good app, easy to use, an im never out bid on what i really want..
Usually ok, used for years however today I sent an item via courier and when I try to enter tracking number ebay says it's wrong or I've already used it! Nope, hermes gave me the number and it works fine, also I always leave feedback to buyers but now it's telling me I haven't and the item doesn't exist! It does, I sent it today via courier and get a tracking number, looking online seems to be a common complaint going back to 2017 at least..
The sellers are always very helpful and the products always came as described!.
Ebay is a place where you can find anything you want to purchase, or sell your own items or products,not only individuals but corporations use this site too, a great place to find obscure items and good discounts,the app is very easy to use and one of the best online apps for buying or selling merchandise. 😊👍.
Ebay is my go-to shopping app. If I see something elsewhere I like, I usually price-check the item on Ebay. I've found so many things on here with surprisingly low starting prices and won many with great low bids! Really love Ebay.
A great way to shop and make money. I absolutely love Ebay!!.
Absolutely one of the best applications! Never have problems and team is always on top of issues! Keep up the excellent work! Btw love the new favorite heart! Thanks for your hard work!.
I love the ebay app... secure sign in, easy to use... i have had no issues 👍👍👍.
Easy to use, efficient, and pretty quick. I wish I could view my eBay bucks in the app though, and if I'm able to do that, I haven't figured it out yet. Overall, a very good app!.
Overall very, very good. Easy to sell with, easy to buy with. Some limitations regarding selling options which are annoying, but just means using a computer to get to them..
I can not sign in even after trying numerous times...it's frustrating...please help....
Easy to use, choice of notifications, and one tap and your searching for anything.
Excellent! A customer friendly and customer oriented app..
Always works, no issues or glitches and updated consistently..
It's free and easy to use. I've made some money and spent a lpt.
Always as expected! Customer service is one of my best all time experiences shopping online ever!.
pretty cool that this and wikipedia are like the last holdouts of a form of True freed market capitalism. I dig the layout and suggestion quality, too. Found was easy to learn how to get exactly what looking for if you know at least 3 keywords for the thing youre searching and then- click something similar and repeat til you get as close to ideal as you can go Easy. Big market Affordable Yearly improvement. ;).
A lot of people claim that ebay is unsafe for purchases. If you take into consideration Ebay's purchase protection policies as well as being highly observant, asking the right questions, and reading full item descriptions there is nothing to worry about. Technological accessories like every gopro accessory for 20$ instead of 400$, high price sneakers worn once by a sneakerhead for 25$, video game lots and bundles, vintage toys that cost less than new ones. The possibilities are endless..
The app is fine and intuitive. Ebay needs to find ways to reward me for writing reviews and giving this review 5 stars. Seriously, if I'm taking my time out of my day to help promote confidence and courage for people to buy on eBay, then I should get back another 1% of what I buy and review. I'm aware of eBay bucks already. I'm saying I deserve more money kicked back to me..
I love shopping from Ebay. I always check if Ebay has what I am looking for because most of the time it is there and saves me money. Most of the time it is free shipping and always arrives on time. And as far as condition, in exactly as described..
Forcing the user to update when there wasn't any problem with the app on our side. It's just plain stupid... if this keep continuing I'm am uninstall and going with just the Android vanilla browser that will end all these problems. Stop forcing us to update and blocking this app usages and changing the damn design..
Have been using this App since it's inception and it has certainly kept pace with the evolving technology over the years. The ongoing refinements implemented take cognizance of the varying needs of users and have been very seamless..
It would be really cool if you added a seller's offers section instead of putting them in the message inbox. If you included a thumbnail of the item next to the offer I would be waaaaaaay more likely to click on it. I shop more on Poshmark now because they catch me with those pics+seller's offer..
I don't use eBay too often. As a security result eBay has locked my account and it's asking me to reset the password. I only speak English but I happened to be in the country of Peru stuck here. I was hoping to make my stay a little more comfortable by ordering something on eBay. But all of the reset instructions are in Spanish even the eBay community help page is in Spanish. does eBay think simply because I moved to Peru that I have somehow learn to read and write in Spanish?.
Love love eBay! Customer service always and amazing! Pair that with PayPal and you are ready to go!! I have 25 years in in 25 years I have run across 3 bad experiences 2 which could be fixed by eBay. Pay attention to ratings and feedback... At the same time, be aware at one time or another everyone is a first time seller or buyer and be kind and don't disregard them! Respect eBay and eBay will respect you!! Most of all have fun and enjoy the friends you'll meet along way!!.
The app makes shopping on Ebay easier than ever before. As a 'non-tech-savvy' senior citizen, it's one of the few apps that is so easy to use that I didn't have any problems figuring it out!😉.
I wanted to buy something of of this app but bc of the amount of money I am going to spend, I'm not very sure if it's safe enough for me to put my credit card. Also I'm dying to know if their customer servive actually works!! There was some glitch in my previous downloads of this app but now is perfectly working. If you can answer me it'd be great and I can ensurely buy the things that I want.
Last update has made it so I cannot send messages to sellers about their item. You can open up the message scree, type, pick the type of question, add photos... But there is physically no "send" button..
I love this eBay app so easy to use. Works for me, every time 😀 Don't even need a mask😷 It's got reminders through email. Gives good instructions on how to sell with invites from time to time. Not anointing when sending messages as it's tailored according to your requirements. I enjoy using the app, easy😆.
This program is terrific and a great money saver. I can always find what I need and want. eBay insures satisfaction and is always ready today assist sellers and buyers. Try it, you will like it. I guarantee it !!! It still is the best app on my phone and I use regularly!.
Superb variety of products. Great seller. And good service behind the scenes. Even though the service is always changing and evolving eBay service for the customers does great the sellers are very good and you can find just about anything. There's also seller and buyer protections so you can shop at eBay and feel safe with your transaction.
Keeps items in purchases made months ago - cannot hide them and does not show these on desktop version. Also, does not clear Search history when selected and makes recommendations based on searches. Does not work. Mulling over removing the app as it has issues which is invade my privacy and does not allow any adjusting..
Can't pay with credit cards, tried multiple cards on the app, web mobile and web on a desktop, real great stuff considering i started having this issue 2 years ago and it's never been fixed and as a result i'm forced to use PayPal which has also stopped working now on the app.
Good but keeps asking for valid postcode when it is and can't report problems with the app On.
great app i find things that you can't find on amazon, plus ebay has been around longer. you can't even delete the amazon app off of your android like me and i don't even use the new jacks on the block app, amazon that is. that's very peculiar that means amazon app is sucking up funds and space on our phones even when we ain't using the dam app!!💯👑💪.
Been using ebay since 2013 and this app is a plus 1. Don't have any problems logging in, paying with PayPal, coupons works like a charm and also always find what I'm looking for from gadgets, phones, shoes etc. Thanks eBay.
Apparently, the eBay app is simple, but it does some complex work on the front end and the back end as well, monitoring our input, suggesting as much as correcting..
We always find things we are looking to buy,n which we cannot find in shops..
Absolutely no complaints from me. Everything works fine. If there were anything I could say for improvement, it might be that one click to confirm payment might be a bit too easy. Perhaps the use of fingerprint ID to pay might make things more secure for the user..
With the latest update the packing labels print long ways vs side ways and I can't turn them on my phone so I am wasting paper every time I print a label. Previously I could print a label on half a sheet of paper turn the page and print another label. Very aggravated with this new feature please fix so I can print the labels sideways again..
Reliable and trustworthy, and safe transactions every time.. I've been using it fir years, and I am a happy shopper.. mu whole family loves it..😁.
Its a good, reliable and safe way to get almost anything you'd probably want and the money back guarantee makes sure you don't get scammed too..
New update is freezing but usable, no doubt there will be another again within day or two.
Super easy, convenient, has everything I'm looking for at anytime. Super reasonable prices on most items. Never had any issues with the eBay buyer protection, case's were always resolved adequately.
Very desciptive, easy to use, and help on every level.
eBay: "LIST IT FOR FREE" Seller: *lists item thinking it will be free for the most part* eBay: Item sold! Here's your fee summary of +15% on top of shipping and PayPal fees Seller: *gets played and regrets selling the high ticket item because it wouldn't have been worth it* eBay: 🤷🏽‍♂️ sucks to suck.
Great app. Always go to Ebay first for anything I want/need ..
It's a great place to get what you need for a reasonable price and if you have any problems with you're orders ebay will definitely get to the root of the problem I promise you that overall they are fantastic at ebay shop there definitely it's a great place 👍🏿.
Easy only put your details in once. Its all automatic which i love. Great..
This app is very helpful with online shopping! Recommend it to anyone who shops online..
I do everything with my phone and this ebay app makes things very easy..
Occasionally slow loading, but easily accessible & functional..
Super easy to use. The navigation was simple..
Message system is bugged. When replying to a message sent by a seller, app blanks out and returns to homepage. If try again, phone shows an error saying that eBay app keeps crashing. I have cleared the cache and data, and also uninstalled and reinstalled the app..
overall it's pretty convenient. sometimes it's a little Twitchy when you're trying to filter items, I wish you could put in more than one filter without it closing and going back to the listings. Sometimes I just use the browser instead but overall it's good..
Its good I like it because you can get some stuff on here cheaper than you can get it in the store but I just hate the fact you have to put a minimum of $25 when you purchase a card if you bnot planning to spend that much. Lol but other than that I love it. I like it better than Amazon 😊😊😊😊.
Why remove double tapping the title to access the description? Now I have to wait for the page to load so I can scroll to the 'read more'. Generally to discover the item is tat so now my searches will take even longer. You'd have done far better to add "Fast & Free" to the postage filter option than remove a logical shortcut..
This has always been a reliable and well maintained user friendly app. I would like the option to download pictures of items for sale via the mobile app. I realize this can be done using ebay's web page but I'm primarily an app user..
This app is as satisfying as expected with its services..., Packages arrived with in the delivery time frame given. And most importantly I dealt with straightforward and decent sellers. Keep up ( ' ' ,, ).
Very well made app great for buying and selling. Very easy to use. Recommendations: please add an option to allow more functions on the app that you can do on the desktop. Like not needing to login again when looking at images on a message from a buyer or seller.
I've had many purchases with very few issues which eBay promptly fixed or the seller on their own accord. With postage usually included eBay is very competitive and often cheaper than other sites offering cheaper price but when postage is added eBay often wins - and even if they don't for only a few dollars difference I shop with confidence. I may give eBay plus a go ?.
After purchasing several items. I now have been locked out of my sight. Tried to delete the icon and reinstall it. Set myself multiple links to reinstall the password. I still can't get into my account. Very unsatisfied at this time. I have purchases out there I can't even see what they are..
Good app but now difficult to leave feedback. Now you have to go into the dots to find to do it whereas before it was there when you saw your purchase listings. Make it easier again for people to see to leave feedback as it helps both sellers and purchasers know what they are like..
☆Every Time I Try to Make Payment for Purchasing It Fails without Any Valid Reason. I'm Extremely Tired of Attempting Again & Again for Payment. The App Is Fine According to The Varieties of Collections. But It Sucks in Question of Payment from India. Please Fix The Issues Regarding Payment through India Via Rupees. I've Learnt There Is PayPaisa Option for Rs(₹) But Don't Know How to Activate It. Because There Is No Any Instructions Anywhere in The App. For This Reason I'm Giving It Single Star..
I love my eBay account and app so much because I can find out prices, costs, repairs, and almost anything else on so many different varieties of products and merchandises for sale or resale plus certification of merchandises too..
just brilliant! Bit of an e bay addict now! Unbelievable what you can actually purchase.still loving the app, the world at your finger tips.still love browsing for the unusual things you would hardly see in retail shops, perfect bedtime browsing!..
Love this app! If you're trying to gauge a price on a product you intend to buy or sell this is the go to place. Ebay has monopolized the market in a good way for the layman's order of appraisal in every conceivable market. And so much more! Keep it up Ebay! Us layman appreciate you!.
I have only used eBay like 2 or 3 times really but I will say that the few times that I did used it was not the best experance at all. Every time I did use it I had at least 1 issue (usually more then 1) that made me not wanna return again & use it due 2 the issue & the time it took 2 handle & fix the problem was extremly long in my opnion. Although I will say that it is a good way to know that what your saling online is safe & your not honna get ripped off or something worsr..
I like it but its definatly by far the most difficult to learn the ins and outs of..need to be very computer literate and be ready to really dig in and read allll of there articles becausd they do help it just takes alot of fallbacks that gets u reading them unfortunatly for me anyways..theres alotttt of tricks to learn with ebay..or u will be losing money!!..but i think once i get it all down pat it will become my number one! Right now its 3rd on tge list still.
Simplicity itself. What I like is the filtering that narrows things down for you. An excellent system that has stood the test of time in its core principle. I know it has expanded massively since inception but the bidding part still remains my favourite bit..
So far it is a pleasant experience with a fluid UI that allows me to search with precision the item(s) of interest. It seems to have an intuitive menu layout and all the payment features, watchlist settings, and alerts you can set up to your advantage..
This morning ya had 5 stars but The app does not give the real time when auctions end . it says the auction ends at 12:12pm when it really ends at 12: 12 :28 pm and ya get outbid . FIXIT OR I WILL FIND SOMEWHERE ELSE TO SHOP IM JUST ABOUT DONE WITH eBay ALL TOGETHER .it also needs to have the tell eBay what you think and it has to be easy to find cause getting directions from someone in customer service that has a hard time with english is imposible.
So many bugs and poor experience. Can't process payment for a second day in a row and seller doesn't even speak English to communicate. No wonder they loose the business to other platforms. If i had my item in amazon I would switch in a heartbeat. Payment is pending in my 3 different account three or four times, but it won't process in ebay. So disappointed..
Always been a great app and just gets better and easier to use..
Can't remove an old address from app...called because they keep shipping automatically. to old address. Told me i had to go to website to remove it. Website kept running me around in circles... I'll never use Ebay again. I've lost $40 in merchandise, in two different shipments, because of this. I'm done!.
Since update, ability to select multiple options has been removed i.e selection multiple conditions can we please have this returned?.
Never had a problem with eBay. Nevertheless, always check out the person you are buying from.
It's easy to use for first time shoppers, friendly customer service, no hurry. If you are not happy with the purchase you may return it within 30 days..
Good app overall but seriously annoying not being able to stop auto relisting... you have to just close them. Also, highly annoying is auto changing your listing to accept offers. PLEASE FIX THESE TWO THINGS AND THE APP WOULD BE AWESOME..
Easy to search, buy and sell. Great options for easily changing addresses if you purchase an item for someone else too so it can be sent straight to them. Love it. Probably a little too much.....
Confusing and poor help options. I've sold an item, on my emails it said payment received, on the site/app it doesn't, got email from PayPal to claim it and all it asked me to go is to sign in then nothing.. No payment or hold notification. I can't even find help with this, trying to contact them is impossible, all I get is the terrible AI which doesn't understand my problem..
I hate the Ebay app. I use my phone and the desktop site does not work. The app makes trading on ebay cumbersome and I no longer enjoy ebay..
It has too many inbuilt trackers that point to Facebook and google. Sharing details of what you are doing.
Easy to use. Convenient when wanting to list items and you can do it straight from your phone app. It would be nice to be able to get into your seller hub also if possible..
This app really helped me with all my collections and I'm really happy to have use this app.
Bids and offers show all offers present and past. Not just offers you've gave but every offer and they don't delete. It makes it confusing when you check on your bids and there a bunch of items you have to scroll through.
I'm enjoying all the features for selling. Nice ports from web to mobile.
Great and wide selection of items to choose from!.
Easy to use and I'm happy to avoid using everyone else's Prime choice..
This app is so user friendly and all of the products that I've purchased have been excellent in quality. Also the delivery time is better than expected and if there is a delay your notified promptly. I will definitely continue to purchase from here and I tell everyone who asked to not hesitate in using ebay for their needs. Thank You!!!!.
I always find something I didn't know I was looking for. Shipping is always timely. Very user friendly..
Rally good app. Fast and handy. No need to log in every time you want to search for something. Alerts coming through on your device so you don't miss any auctions ending when you at work or just forgot about it..
Its absolutely awesome, great deals, if something goes wrong or if its something bout the seller ebay fixes it right away..... Love shoppn, it also gives u reminders on ur emails on wht u r watchn..... Make offers, biddn..... I love it, its great...... U can even get rewards on a eBay master card, I strongly suggest u get it...... Download this app.......
I've been using this site for 20 years. No big problem's yet. Just watch how you word things. I don't like some of the rules on gun toys but ebay likes to limit the size of gun mag's where it should not be any of there biz. Ham radio/CB's should not be any of there biz eather. The FCC and ATF deals with that. Ebay plays the internet police, that they shouldn't be any of there biz it hurts the sellers and themselves. Nuff said.... GO E'BAY GO TRUMP!!!!. EBAY if you're mad at me write me. Jr.
Great app.. I been using since 2005... and I haven't stopped... great for buying anything you can thing of (legal) and if you want to make some extra more or a new Career change eBay is a great app..
I think ebay is awesome I haven't had any real problems so far and I've been a member for about a year now andd also I just love how mostly all my orders come in slot earlier than the estimated delivery date but overall so far so good can't complain just yet well ebay should give points on everything you order so that they can add up and be used as cash to help pay for future orders that would be excellent..
I find very good deals on the things that we need. I love the reading system so I can determine trustworthy seller. Everything shows up at the door. Plenty of time to look over listings and plan what we need. eBay is a great service I don't know what I ever did without it!.
Had to go to desktop to make the last purchase. Had to go to desktop to see feedback I tried to leave with this app. I was definitely on the right page for the right item. Instead of posting the feedback I wrote, it posted the feedback for the previous item. This is a concerning error and I do not trust this app so dumping it..
As a seller I need it. Instant access to all services through it, notifications pop up to show me sales, no spam, no login required every time. As a buyer the instant access is a huge bonus plus I can see tracking for my purchases. I recommend..
I would give it a PERFECT 10, but its not perfect. It has a wide selection of things for me to choose from. I can usually find what I'm looking for & even things I didn't think it would have. Eg, Jewellery glasses for very fine work, EXCELLENT..
Annoying and confusing way of listening items. You tap "List an item" and you are taken to a place where you type your product's name. You get prompts but never any of them matches your product and you can either close the window or go back which in either cases leaves you with the item not listed..
Amazing app, easy to use and has amazing customer service and returns policy. I've been using ebay for years and have never had a single negative experiance. whilst using this app I've also received over 50 pounds worth of gift cards for free. I seriously recommend ebay to anyone who shops online..
Superb App, simple to search, compare and buy items. I haven't sold anything in a while but will certainly give it a try again. Coming back to EBay as the One-stop online merchant link during these difficult times..
excellent but needs improvement When I try to send out invoices dies not allow for letter,small packet it insured services which all have different prices. Needs to be made same as tower platform On my main computer. Good luck Michael.
So much merchandise I did not know was being sold, some of which was from my past, like the open reel tape supplies and the Magic rock Garden! Thanks for creating the app! Am finding gifts for my lady friend for holiday. Great place to shop. Will return..
Great app 😊 it has something for everyone. Very informative. They do great tracking your purchases. They let you know when and where your purchase is..
I love what. I have used it in the past and I can't wait to deal with the sellers. Thank you all for a great site.
Don't like it when I'm looking for something and I press the nearest me button so I know I will get it quickly or could pick up the item but then most of the items for sale if you look closer to where they are located they are in China or Hong Kong don't understand how that happens but it takes three times as long to process the order sometimes I end up going to Amazon 👍.
Easy to use app. Great for popping in and out of eBay. Still use a browser for serious looking as it gives me the ability to open tabs, so I can jump between items..
My favorite app. Easy to use and shows where the stuff you get, where it comes from😁 where I'm not getting surprised and the stuff isn't coming from a foreign country. Thank you Ebay!.
Ebay was not working well on my Mac so I installed the App and seems good I just did my first order via the app..
Everything I've looked at or bought has been a good result. Also when I look at things they keep track of items I'm interested in. This helps to find a better price later..
Wow. Three accounts, six credit cards, two PayPal accounts and still can't purchase. Accounts disabled permanently with no recourse from "customer care"..
Very easy to browse for things I need, works great very pleased..
Trouble free shopping. Reliable app in a sea of less than reliable apps! So easy to access and find your way around. Loads quickly and quality of images is excellent. A regular 'go-to' for me 👍.
I love having the app on my phone because I do not have to be home when an item is bid on from someone else I can easily do it from my phone!.
I like it. It isn't as easy to use as the desktop version, but practical enough..
Responsive has accurate data on searched items. engaging nice app💯🔥.
I like the easy & quick information feedback for activity..
I loved shopping in ebay. Never have any problems with any sellers that I have dealt with. I buy almost everything in ebay..
Was really disappointed when they changed the app but they fixed all the bugs and now its pretty good. I wish it had all the functionality of the site but then I suppose that must be difficult to achieve..
Hey, you know the app works great, it keeps me up to date with real time auctions better than my financial apps. Its fast, theres not a slew of log ins and reverifications. Its convenient. I think it works better than most apps..
This app is really good. Your money is safe... Just make sure when you buy something read the description from the item you getting because sometimes the seller don't offer refunds or warranty in certain stuff but other than that is 100% legit....
Easy and fun to use. Just make sure you know what your doing. The app itself is not bad but theres always going to be people who try and scam you. The people at Ebay are really good with the money back guarantee so you dont have much to worry about..
Very usable app with one really annoying thing. I turn off most of the notifications in settings as I don't want my phone going off all day long. But when a new update is installed none of these settings are remembered. Please sort this out, other apps remember your preferences..
About deceptive ads; sellers sometimes use camera angles or lighting to hide flaws, do not list flaws in the description, or use deceptive wording to their advantage. A true description should include written & pictured flaws. I think Ebay should clamp down on this problem to avoid disputes & make it better experience for the buyer..
I have been very impressed with this app.Ebay are a pleasure to deal with regarding any problem I've had. I would reccomend you getting this app 100%. I use this app alot as the variety of products you can get are helpful as I have kids and last minute projects do come up and when I search ebay for anything on the topic ebay have them all.Therrfore dont hesitate go ahead and enjoy this app.
EBAY is a great shopping app. It has a wide variety of products to choose from. You can purchase items immediately or you can participate in an auction and bid on an item. EBAY allow individuals to sell product from different places around the world. EBAY continues to get better with time!.
Love love love eBay! It let's you bid or buy right away. So many different varieties of products and numerous people to choose to buy from. New and used merchandise. Vintage and current merchandise. Absolutely perfect for collectors or one time buyers....
Can't fault the app. Everything I need to do to sell or buy I can do here. Some access to account info is limited, but that can be done elsewhere, and is rarely urgent. Links to paypal faultlessly, so you can chhose which funds you want to use. Emails an alert when an unfamiliar log in is made. All good..
Great app gives quick access to my followed sellers and easy to use!.
Safe app for buying and/or selling. Very good customer service..
Love it. Listing is easy and it sugests typical prices. Cleans up your photos, makes them look nice automatically. As for buying it's even better than the website. Easy searches and it kinda knows what I want b4 I know. Highly reccomended..
I already bought 3 smartphones. All of them as described in the add. So good!.
Simple and easy to navigate. The app is one of my preferred ways to use ebay. And the notifications giving from the app helps me keep on top of things..
eBay is easy to use and great when you can not find things any were else.
I've been on Ebay for years and it has never disappointed me. It's a legit app..
Always get what I need and if something gets messed up ebay will step in and make it right..
This eBay app have helped me tremendously with everything I have always wanted..
Getting better all the time. Like the fingerprint integration..
I love the new app easy to navigate, find my purchases,now i can erase the bookmark link..shopped with amazon, but ebay is my home. To have the app on my phone it makes it that much better thumbs up!.
Great app. Mainly the only app I use for online trading..
Pretty solid. Few things about it need fixed though. All menus and features should be available in the app. Like "request total" from seller, and the menu where I can turn off your damn emails for EVERY thing. Totally unnecessary...thing about the digital trees you can save....
Great app! I use it for browsing and buying and everything works just as well as in a computer. Harder to read details than on a computer, but all in all is a fantastic tool for quick use and instant buy.
Easy to use a little slow at times but all around very good.
The worest online buying application I have ever try! There is no icon for contact immediately with customer service like other applications. When you have problems with sellers there, you don't know with whome you contact to solve it. I have paid for item and the seller didn't ship it yet untill now, I tried to send messages but there is no response! Another item I also paid for it, and suddenly the item and the tracking number disappeared and it keep told me that there is no item matching!.
Ebay is def an awesome shopping site it is my second favorite next to amazons shopping site(amazon prime to be exact!?) ONLY because of the super SUPER FAST shipping and quality of the products are I hate to say a tad bit better in my opinion...I love wish also but they're always a flip toss and a hope and a prayer if u even RECIEVE the products that u order let alone if the quality is what it's supposed to be sheeshhh!!! BOTTOM LINE: EBAY IS #2 BEST SHOPPING SITE ON THE WHOLE ENTIRE WEB! 🤗😎.
Oddly, when I search for products, if I use the web version, I get more results products while the app usually gives me no products found even if I expand all the filter options.... Hence I continue using the web version rather than the app as it was pretty useless.
It's the best app at eBay to purchase items like old school things Nintendo 1985 and I'm an eBay buyer that buys VHS 📼 Tapes for my movies collections. Thank you eBay and I will continue to use eBay to buy things that are collectible items old school. 😀👍🙏🖐📼❤.
9/26/20 Edit: I loathe the new update! It's all messed up! All the filters aren't working! Please leave what works alone! *I am an Ebay addict! Where would my life be without it haha! I need to invest in Ebay since I put all my time and energy in the app🙈🤣.
It's gone through some changes of late. Some good like being able to remove individual items from your recently viewed list. Being able to leave feedback or contact the seller is not always prominent on the purchase page..
Your multi daily notifications is annoying, annoying, annoying, annoying, annoying, annoying. Get the point? How do I turn it off, uninstall it? ..... It has stopped since I wrote that, thank goodness. So I'll rate from two stars to 4. Thank you for turning that off..
Awesome easy to use😉 I've met some great sellers,!.
App is a joke. You hit commit to buy and instead of taking you to buy it, you go back to the item. I bought 4 items not realizing it went to my cart (cart showed 0 items until a few minutes later).
It would appear they have listened to my last review and have added a "dark mode". Thank you. It's now officially my favorite online store. I've used it for about 3 years by the time i wrote this and have only had 1 order that entire time that didn't go well and i was refunded immediately so i don't have any complaints..
Great app easy to use love using it great bargains great prices I cant find a thing wrong with this app and been using it for a long time.
I have been very pleased with the items I have purchased through eBay. Have never had any problems with sellers, shipping, merchandise, etc. Always a pleasant experience. Update 9/11/20 - still loving the eBay app!!.
It's easier than ever to find more stuff than I need and spend more money than I plan..
Good access from the phone and links up fine with other apps for sharing or PayPal for payment.
This app works very well for me. I can browse and check order status easily. I also like how suggestions are sent to me based on past purchases. 5 stars..
I love y'all way y'all do y'all stuff it is nice I enjoy it very much especially when check outcomes it is very easy to do you ain't got a hassle with all the other stuff but I love to shop on eBay very very much.
Great shopping experience...First place I visit when planning yo buy anything !!! I'm nooked on eBay !!!!.
Awesome site have been using it for years! Keep up the good work!!!.
You can find everything on here! I had no issues whatsoever.
Does what you expect and Ebay will help sort any problems which have been very rare. Bargains are still possible and finding parts for my vehicles is great..
It is diffucult to return things. It force you to open a pay pal account in order to returnt things that does not suit you..
I enjoy finding everything i need and want at my fingertips. Then it gets mailed to my home in a timely manner, very happy..
It works as it should, this is coming from someone who hates pretty much all UX..
I can't see my listings. I have over 50 items on sale, but nothing is shown on this app.
The actual workings of the app itself is very good but eBay is definitely not geared to helping sellers.If you're a buyer then you're good but when you start to sell you'll see. Don't even TRY to contact eBay Help they send you to Southeast Asia which is fine but they speak little to no English and you have to re-explain the same issue to everyone you talk to because they dont pass the notes on. DONT BE A SELLER on eBay there are soooo many other sites you can sell on!.
I love eBay, except for one thing. When a listing appears, the buyer starts to scroll down. If the "Quantity" feature is enabled, he/she accidently touches it and changes the quantity rather than scrolling down on the listing..
Easy to use and easy to find what you want at the best prices mailed right to your address instead of travelling to your local retail shop. Very convenient and recommend it to anyone who likes shopping online. Thanks eBay for giving me a credit voucher !.
It's no use to me. Every time I try and buy something or add something to my basket of bid, it gives out a message about needing more information about me then resets. Useless. Update: I uninstalled and reinstalled the app and it is now working fine..
I use it as a seller and buyer. It works well with few glitches, actually works better on my Samsung 10 but no surprise there. I like how easy it is to search for items even using the camera for image search..
Good app, better than the iOS counter part on my iPhone. Haven't found anything I can't do in the app other than some account related stuff that I had to do on the web app on Chrome. Be nice to be able to have better access and control to account and also bid retraction options in app..
So much easier to use than Amazon. We love our eBay! Find what you want click buy now, confirm product, amount, address, payment method, with one other click and that's it. Your done! Simplicity is genius....
Get rid of the swipe to buy function, it works for me after about 25 tries and pisses me off to no end every single time. No reason for it to exist, it would be more annoying than a button even if it worked right..
For me the ebay app has done nothing but help me it hasn't crashed it hasn't kicked me from my account and locked me out and it makes it alot more convenient and easier to use than going to ebay web so thank you eBay and stay frosty..
Quiet is kept,excellent app!I 'm looking forward to conversiNg with you once you get i get use too using your app on a regular basis!eBay is the next day that i work app for the Covid#19 crowd that's sheltering place@the present moment with really nothing to do with the pandemic raging!I would love to have an opportunity to get to know you better as a company because you have A amazing selection of items for the modern day consumer$ who wish to shop from the ATL &home all across the country!God.
Super fun, I've learned alot about coins & jewelry and I cant believe it's taken me this long to start buying stuff off here!!! I LOVE having several different options of the product I'm buying!!!!.
I usually prefer to visit the websites rather than clutter my phone with apps but this app is a must if you use Ebay a lot! I love the interface and the fast and simple navigation and the notifications if an item you are watching is ending soon etc. I really recommend this app..
If you are a seller. There's now no difference between eBay and Amazon thanks to ebay cutting ties with PayPal. Ebay used to a community of people with smooth transactions. It's now an amazon community, full of shady buyers and return requests. I would much rather wait an extra day or two for an item to sell to someone in the PayPal community rather than some impulse buyer who returns the item or tries to get it for free. eBay now takes around 2 weeks to pay sellers out..
Great app, though seems like a bit of an old heavy horse, if you get my meaning; it's just a bit big and bulky, a real workhorse! But does it work? Yes!!! Its brilliant, get it!.
I've been a loyal eBay member since 1999. Now my eBay Android app no longer functions and says my 5.42.0.8 version is no longer supported and I MUST update it. READ THE COMMENTS ABOUT THE UPDATED VERSION. LOTS OF PEOPLE SAY IT SUCKS. SO WHY WOULD I WANT TO ACCEPT A MANDATORY UPDATE? MOST UPDATES WANT MORE PERMISSIONS AND PERSONAL INFO. I'm done with the GREEDY eBay Android app!.
I love eBay! The app makes it so much easier to use. There are a few things I am unable to to from the app that I have to log into eBay ok my computer to do (unpaid item case, report a problem etc) but other than that, it is great!.
i wish that this app was set up like Victoria Secret app or poshmark! it is much simpler! the ebay website is so much better or maybe I am just used to it and havent yet adjusted! only time will tell<333.
I use PayPal, so making purchases with eBay has always been easy. I like being able to specify where I am ordering from in the filters!!! Great for thought went into end-user need and functionality rather than put in a bunch of junk you don't need while shopping..
This app works probably 99% of the time, so happy with it. But every now and again it locks me out and doesn't recognise my password so have to uninstall it and reinstall..
Overall very good... However a recurring issue is sometimes the " Unwatch" button doesn't appear , especially on the ended items... So when your lists reach full capacity you get a "catch 22 " situation as you can't watch anymore listings, but can't Unwatch current watch items. 🤪.
updated app has flaws. I cannot leave feedback for sellers even when I've received the item for DAYS, as I have to wait until eBay's tracking updates consider it has been delivered! also the filters are harder to read, and more of a fart about trying to select the filters I want when doing a search.
This is the most unfriendly app from a user perspective. Continually takes you to the "we need a bit more information" and wants me to log in, I then get stuck in a never ending circle of requests to please log in. Honestly infuriating..
App works fine, but I find it a bit disappointing as it seems works well when using as a buyer but it is very limited for sellers, please make available the option to easily switch to desktop view so some selling features will be nicely accessible from mobiles, too. Thanks..
Excellent app. I frequently use it for on line purchases. Any purchase issues, which have been very few over the years, have been quickly resolved to my satisfaction. I highly recommend this app without hesitation. 100% satisfaction here..
It's a hassle if your used to the website. The commit to buy options dont just add to the cart its makes you pay immediately or the seller will file non payment case. I had to buy the same item twice because I thought it would go to the cat. The 5 dollar incentive isn't worth the trouble. And for some reason it made a totally new ebay account that the app directs to not my old ebay acct. I haven't figured that out yet..
This app is very easy to search, and has tons of options. I used to think it was only used items, but I was wrong. Tons of new stuff. Great tracking of orders, accurate shipping times..
Dont known what happened with the app cause it used to work fine. Now, you can hardly respond to offers with selling and accessing your feedback or trying to leave feedback is dang near impossible. Dont worry, they still have 0 issues with their fees charging you..
Amazing be careful with some buyers to avoid being caught out..
Great platform for selling and buying. Easy to use and all fees are explained properly. Good protection for buyers. Me personally I love it..
I got scammed the first time I used it , but that's because I got a card. A hacker tricked me. But I am making my first secured order , so I'm hoping for a better experience. The catalog and search engine is offcial and recommend purchasing the app before using..
Very easy to find what im looking for! Great deals!.
Normally a good app and service but rapidly going down hill with stupid selling restrictions on certain items, with uneducated idiots making decisions on whether a listing is allowed. For example, type AR15 in a description and you violate guidelines regardless of item. And recently recieved a warning for selling outside of ebay, that was ONLY done due to thier offer system not working, they even quoted the conversation i had with buyer while trying to work out why 'offer' wasnt working. Shame..
Easy to search easy to clear out my house and put items straight on for sale..
Very easy to navigate and the deals are amazing !.
Usually helpful, able to make purchases easily, some sellers unreliable..
Easy to use app. Easy to navigate thru everything and get the information important to me.
It is a great shopping outlet. Never had a single issue..
Never had a problem with this app have used it for a long time and will definitely continue to use..
Easy to buy and to list. Clean looking interface..
Awesome app doesn't give any issues, also haven't had any probleems with my orders..
Convenient and has a range of different prices and quality to choose from.
I have received all my thing's on time or early and I have found things that I couldn't find anywhere else. Great job to everyone.
The problem with printing the return shipping label either on the app or on the website..
The majority of my online purchases are with eBay, user friendly. But I do use Amazon prime which for $7.99 a month gets me free shipping and streaming movies and TV shows. Much better than eBays subscription offer. There's a massive difference in the quality of clothes on Amazon, variety and quality is superior. To much cheap Chinese rubbish on eBay where quality and sizing is lacking. I will only buy clothes on eBay where the product is local seller or USA. Never buy clothes from China on eBay.
Very easy to use. Plenty of variety of things to buy. Easy to pay on. One little thing though is that when searching for an item it cannot be filtered to show sale items that will be posted first.
The experience has been great,it a very good, I prefer to buy most of my things through Ebay. I have never encountered any problems, but should they be any improvement, I hope will be to make it even better that what is is now..
Hi loved this app up till about 4 weeks ago started to not let me make payments saying my card was wrong when I used it on a different app just minutes ago , logging me out, saying the things in my cart can't be reached right know been trying to fix it but can't seem two.
I have been using eBay for over 15 years now and I absolutely love it. If there's ever anything really specialized I need and I don't want to pay too much I always check eBay first..
Still the same old time wasting annoyances when searching - put in search term, put in preferences (newly listed, not best match - UK not world wide), slightly amend search term, preferences return to default! Thanks for reply eBay - an extra &#9734 awarded for that!.
So I've been using this app for a good while and made a number of purchases on it. However, one purchase I made is in shipment delay due to covid from Japan. And I had the sellers message with the tracking number saved, however now it can't be pulled up for me to look at if any change has been made and also late the seller know of it's finally on the way, since he refunded me until shipment from that company in Japan resumes. So can the app be updated so I retrieve that message again?.
Great, but on my phone i get flooded with notifications that ive already read from my pc and sometimes it crashes the app. And hopefully you can update the app to tell me just exactly what item specific im missing. The web verson tells you what youre missing so i had to finish the post on my computer..
I really think this app is a must have for anyone that enjoys buying/selling well.... Anything online for sure. Your protected if you buy and the seller doesn't give you your correct purchase and there are sooooo many deals on about anything you can think of to buy....
It's eBay in an app. I don't know why everyone is upset about slight changes to the UI/aesthetic. That's how the internet works. If you don't upgrade things they become obsolete & literally quit working. Sorry bout it. It still works so it's 5 stars from me..
Still need to use the web interface from time to time for selling but otherwise a good experience..
Overall great app. Love the photo option to upload a photo and it will find similar items. However, annoying that you can't edit your own ebay profile on the app. That's a computer-only function. Lame!.
Very easy to use. Ebay is always improving their tools..
Love this app! I just wish it would let me unwatch stuff that's sold out. I have to do it on the computer! Seems like it should allow you to do this on the app. Please fix this! I'm still giving a high rating because l really prefer it to the computer! Thank you!.
Suits 1-off buyers, not sellers...2.5 stars. Handy for buying & searching but missing far too many of the desktop user features to be really useful for detailed or volume selling. No option to request combined post as buyer, or address c/p request as seller. Returns process doesnt work, just keeps asking for login. Constant login requests. Terrible if you have an eBay store, really awful. 1 positive: checking item tracking is usually quick and painless..
As a seller and a buyer the app is a convenient interface..
I am a First time user and I'm old and technologically challenged, and I found it VERY easy to use! I didn't even need to ask my teenaged daughter for help, and that's saying something! 10/10 I would definitely recommend!.
Works well. It's a shame they don't accept AMEX anymore.
I love, love, love the ebay app! Easy to find what u want, easy to check out and u get to message the seller with ease if u have any questions about a product u purchased..
Finding everything I need. The app provides so many search filters that narrowing down my purchase options is easy. I really like sorting by distance, in case i need a same-day pick up..
Very useful on the go but would love to see some of the more minor features of the desktop browser version of eBay included as these features are useful and convenient..
Easy and helpful app instant page and a lot of items to find...
The best ecommerce app so far. For online shopping, this is the best app. But, the ads and promos are overwhelming. Sometimes i cant find a product because the screen is filled with promos and ads only. Oh and the search engine sucks. After you did one search, the recommendation will suddenly change into the latest item you searched..
I use shoope so many times.. but now everytime I open the app.. it froze, its happen when i do activity like.. searching items, read the reviews before buying and making a payment. This "froze" issues need to be fix. It is not just me who experience this issues. Fix it please!! Thank You. (Last time I gave 5 stars to shoope.. because of "froze" issues.. I change it to 3 stars).
Shopee definitely needs to come up with a Lite version, just shops, chats and profiles without all the embellishments like stories, Shopee live, feeds, so and so. The app feels heavy and sometimes during a browse, I have to restart it. Also some people aren't interested in other people's haul but the app is great for small businesses..
Update : I have no issue with Shopee apps anymore. It works perfectly fine and smooth. No more laggy response. The apps also easy to operate and understand even for new user. Thank you-- I was a satisfied customer before, but now on, since it's been very slow respon when clicked or choose some menu, I've got very disappointed. Cache cleared many times even uninstall and reinstall the apps, but still not responding. Seriously laggy and sometimes got myself logout itself. Please fix it. Thank you..
This app is a mess. The UI are nightmares, just horrible and ugly. mostly unresponsive, lags everywhere, slow, heavy and always loading even in good network conditions.To much garbage inside and useless features that we don't need. This is about marketplace app to buy and sell things. Dont ruin the shopping experience. Even giving 1 star is a crime..
I love using Shopee to purchase items online. However I have some concerns, please fix the following bugs: 1. Updating the Profile Full Name (not username) does not seem to synchronize well between app/site. My profile name is still shown under my old (previous) name after a successful profile update; 2. Shopee rejected my 'Account Deletion Request' saying that I still own ShopeePay balance, where my balance was already 0 before the deletion request; Please fix. Thank you..
No choice to give 1 star. Wanted to give zero, just not able to. Lousy and disappointed with the app. Logged me out, and not able to log back in. Username and PW didn't match? What on earth.Requested for OTPsthrough SMS instead, never did they send. Sigh Help desk not helpful, instead asking for same questions over and over. Pls, FIX your app if you want your consumer to have pleasant online shopping experience..
I used shopee because it was easy and simple, and now with so many things going on, it is so messy and i don't even know most of them, and the loading getting longer and i have difficulty for adding address and i have tried it for almost an hour now and it is still failed..
Overall this app is a great apps … In my opinion SHOPEE is one of the best online shopping app because various reasons such as … Secure ... Trusted ... A lot of shop or stores to look at with best price (usually cheaper than other app) and promotion ... The apps is also user friendly because really easy to operated even for a new user ... Love it ....
Its a good app for shopping, the price is the best deal we can get, and very helpful to save the cost with free shipping voucher! But sometimes the user interface makes me confuse..
So many bugs x.x sometimes the interface becomes so big and I cannot do anything...the load time for images also are very slow / sometimes the images won't show x.x hope the developer will fix these bugs asap ....
I have used shopee many times, but now my experience so bad. I can't searching product the app doesn't working it takes a long long time too, even my conection stabled. And I can't upload foto or video for shoppers testimony even though the setting permissions is alowed..
I've been using shopee since lainched the first time and I love it. But after I updated recent version, apps just doesn't running properly. Even product recommendations won't appear. Please fix this issue, it's inconvenient for me to use the other shopping apps although they are running smoothly in my phone per se.
The freeze issue need to be fix as soon as possible. It's really annoying when you want see product and the app just go white, nothing..
The application is so bad. It's always freeze. I've been using this app for many years but nothing changes about the freezing.
Sorry I changed my review about this app. I think too much menu & games make its so ruin. Its not focus again about online shop. Games reward make so weird to me. I want this app focusing about how seller n customer still focus with their necessary not open this app just for games Thanks if u want respon it.
easy access and easy search. It's easy to start a new business as a new seller. There are still many opportunities here. Chat feature does not work in some browsers..
Overall this app is a great app. I am really enjoy when buy something with this app, but I don't know why, there are multiple lagging sometime when I try to type something in search bar..
Nice shopping app, can pay it later. (Edit: because of covid19 no more pay later but no problem) . Lot of stuff to buy from aboard with no shipping fee. Sometimes more expensive than the other app but all in all good..
Aplikasinya sangat bagus cuma, BEERRRAAATTTTT banget di HP. 87 Mb just for an App that i rearly used. Mungkin bisa dibuat versi LITE-nya, cukup untuk belanja AJA. Fokus. Bagus banyak inovasi seperti game, dll. But for what? The main purpose I use this app is for shopping not playing games. But the the game still nice..
Good app, the only little problem is, when you open many goods & merchant's page, its getting heavier and lagging. Unlike the Other e-commerce app..fixed it pls..
Love this apps. It's simple and super useful yet fun, provides several games can help to reach point. However, the longer, the less point provided to each feature, it makes me mad. Please increase the point to each feature.
i like this app, but this time there Steam IDR notification, i already pay 2 time but even now there no notification, please even in the future there no bug error notification, always incoming notification in the shoppee pay, update packet, steam IDR, ETC.
In my experience, this app isn't responsive, took amount of time to switch from page to page. Please fix this issue..
Unresponsive at times. The pages will not load. No it's not due to my internet connection either. Please fix, Thank you..
I already update the last version, clear cache, use the stable connection. But it doesn't works. I can't open any games, store, anything in this application. Please fix it!.
This apps so bad after updated! All product shown, in fact the product is zero stock. So many bugs after updated for android (as a seller). Very dissapointed. Please make it better n delete all bugs in android..
The app just keeps getting bigger and bigger until my old phone just can't handle it anymore. You really need the latest phone and highest specs or the app freeze a lot..
app experience? decent - good. minus? certain seller doesn't have or mention their operation time, slow respon af. about the live chat with CS ? it's a bit slow to solve my problems (because of seller slow response maybe) and that's problems me... product likes bug? yeah it's still there.
Well, I usually use this apps. But sometimes I have to close and open the apps because it took time so long to show the product pictures ..
I've been a very satisfied user until recently. The app is getting seriously laggy and very slow to respond. The internet has no problem, the cache cleared. But still when I visit a store or go to search bar, the products/results just won't load. In the past I wouln't really mind when the app getting laggy, I'll just be patient and open for it later. But this time, it's been very laggy since yesterday. I hope there'll be solution to this matter in the days to come..
Shopee is more interactive with the customer, more care, making easy for everything, there is including the payment, shopee has shopee pay latter this is the most good will, thank you shopee, until this update in 08 November 2020, I'm always looking everything in shopee..
I still remember when the first time I used Shopee, it's been three years ago exactly, Shopee always gives a good deals, 70% up to 100% cashback vouchers and lots of coins every day, and shopping at least 0 gets free shipping.. but now Shopee's are getting stingy. it is even seemed restricted for such a huge e-commerce like Shopee, don't be too stingy lah. Don't be afraid to lose.. Shopee has many customers who are even more profitable, otherwise you can lose loyal customers easily..
All button disappear in android version 9. Most of my data including my username and phone number used as fraud data especially after I did transaction in Shopee. I think Shopee really need to enhance their data security since data customer like me is highly confidential. Thank you.
Cool app! Really help me for buying things. The in app games are fun!Complaints also taken seriously and got fast respond. Definitely deserve 5 star 👌.
I can't get the otp code on my sms on my phone even though i tried for 50 thousand times... and when i want to get otp code with my whats app number it doesn't show the send otp to whatsapp it really stresses me out... Please this is so uncomfortable.
transaction administration, both payment and delivery, is good and needs to be maintained. Application performance should be improved because it is often slow and needs to clean cache manually. The search filter needs to be improved because it often doesn't display any results / information, aka a blank screen without messages..
Functionally it is a great app. But practically it often crashes which is annoying..
Highly recommend for shopping thru this app. But for putting the Star+ Seller must be highly selected especially for their customer service like accessories the DEFACT things still be sent, refund so complicated !!!!.
Make more easy for shopping. But unfortunately the seller was not using a real picture, sometimes..
Starting to like this app, but too bad can be crack by hackers.. the hacker even stole my credit! Please improve the security and please make the app lighter and not consume too many phone memories.
great app, but now I can't see my chat with the seller, and can't see whether my chat is sent or not. Please fix this soon.
After last update, cc payment verification had blank windows, no response, just "oops, terjadi kesalahan, coba lagi" Please fix this ASAP. Fixed.
First time ever I tried buy a few house hold product from this apps. Those price are very worth it with the products I bought. Thank you Shopee..and thanks to Seller. Bravo!.
Recently Shopee gets better rather than the first time I use it. No much bugs and the UI/UX works well..
Good app with a lot of products and sellers. Easy to use and a lot of promotions. Also speedy delivery. Good job. 👍.
Very satisfying shopping at Shopee!!! always get free vouchers, cashback, and more. It's really good to shop at Shopee!!.
Bintang 4 aja lah ya hehe biar terus improvement, intinya tampilan tidak se crowded tampilan toko sebelah hehe trus voucher claim nya ga rempong kaya toko sebelah nya lagi 😁 its easy to use lah ya & also I think its quite user friendly though sometimes its lagging on viewing images a few even does not appear, so thats why 4 stars only for now 😊.
Nice updated but less additional voucher prices for COD feature. Maybe you should cut it off more lower price or I suggested for free COD shipping payment because it would be grateful to buyer's!!!.
Not the best ui ux of e-comm apps, but alot of promotion and cheap goods there. Which I love it than just a good looks!.
Incompetent app, this app should be take down as soon as possible. An application that should never exist..
Its one of the friendliest e-commerce i have ever downloaded. Its very easy to transfer the money to the app and plus you get a lot of vouchers and coins. There are a lot of shops to look at and all the features are prrtty useful. But sometimes I have to reload it a few times until my page is updated. But other than that, there are no other issues. I'm looking forward to using this app even more :).
Well done Shopee 👍. Great job.👍🌠🌠🌠🌠🌠🌠The options on your app are far more superior NOW than Tokopedia that has many fake product sellers who are supported by Tokopedia admin staff 100% and disappointingly they work against shoppers. I now advise all online shoppers to switch to Shopee from Tokopedia that is failing to do an honest online business whose staff have sticky fingers and have criminally stolen my money blatantly. Soon or late google play will hopefully ban Tokopedia app..
This app is always laggy, slow, and other. You should fix it, this app would be really perfect if it not laggy.
Happy with this application, should be nice if the seller help this online shop a good service to the customer, it makes also a good review to the OLShop.
(-) Too many features and contents, which users are forced to use it wether they need it or not, it's kindly unwise. (-) When I tap the app, it took times to load all the features. After it opened some menus and products are blank. I wonder why (-) the shopee pay later tenor only cover for 6 months. That's too short period. 12 months max. (+) free shipping vouchers for cod it's a good thing. Really appreciate it (+) the shopee pay later limits are increased. Which is really a good deals..
Very good over all, a little Lag occurs some time, but not everytime.
this app is definitely a great app to waste ur wallet with, their daily deals and free shipping events every month will make ur money disappear without u even realizing, nice thankyou shopee i love u.
The app Can't use camera to scan QR code on shopeepay ( vivo v20 android 11). Always request permission, although already granted permission. Please fix.
Good apps for shopping, selling. Very fast & simple payment..
So bad, its a completely bad review which laggy and stuttering user experience. I hate to say it, but to be honest, you guys need to OPTIMIZE or COMPRESS data of Shopee app!!! While i have normal connection (for browsing, downloading, gaming), but for openning Shopee was just so *h_ll* yeah! If i can say that *toko_edia* app is way more stable and fluid. Just fix it soon please!.
Very useful, easier, have an much product and good quality... i think this apps better n recommended to other people to use this apps..
After the last update every time i start the game the screen will be blank. Plz fix it.
Good app... Lots of game Good stuff hood price Keep going on with lots of discount & bonus Really like it...thank you Shopee mmmuuaccchh 😘😘💋💋.
Have been using for some time, and it's the best online shopping app out of all. But... Please specify what's the problem with the reviews when being hidden or removed, coz I had never reviewed anything bad or irrelevant. Please enhance the chat feature, i.e. copy-able chat content so that we don't have to retype again, the disappearing and "unsent" chats after we sent and exit the app, etc. Please make the app size smaller, it's taking too much storage on phones. Thank you!.
I use all the features in this app. I like the promo, the coin the free shipping and more. Love it so..
Hi shopee, I know you want to be an app with so many option and choices for the user, and you put so many fitur in your app, but what's the point if it only showing a white page? And the app using too much space than other app, but it never able to work properly.. At least try to work well and fast if you want take some much space in my storage.. Please find solutions for it..
Great app, been using it of a while, but the huge downside is bad cust Service that saying same stuff over and over again, i want refund on my data purchase. due to system error my purchase stuck on process, but I CANT request refund on my shopee pay. They said to wait 1-3 days just for a 20k idr package. Its just stupid, for a big app such as this, its a dissapointment.
Terrible..disaster! My account has just blocked without any further notice in advance. I don't understand why. And more worst because my Shoppee pay account also been blocked I cannot use my money in my Shoppee Pay! Great job Shoppee! This how u get the dirty money!.
This is my first online application. I always use this app to buy daily products...
Please fix My Likes! Already update the latest version, clear cache, nothing changed. It's app bugs 1. Older items are not liked but still there. 2. Product that has been removed/blocked by shopee is still there and I cannot unlike/remove it. 3. Like button is unavailable for older items. 4. The search bar only shows the older items. It did not detect newer items that have been liked..
Easy to use. Enough options for me who barely buy something online. The top up system is top notch..
Good shopping app. But sometimes the app freeze without any reason. I've cleared the chace, there's still many space in my phone, the app is also the lastest ver, my internet connection is good (another app works well). Edit: trying to send email + screenshot from android + PC but can’t upload pictures (button didn't work on both). Live chat also ended abuptly without any reason. And your return policy only benefit the seller. Why dont you learn from your amazing neighbor T**opedia?.
From seller's perspective, the app is incapable of handling lots of transaction (i.e. 100+ per day). The high volume of transaction makes the app super slow and sometimes require a loading time of 15-20 seconds just to open a product page or to open complaint center. Maybe shopee needs to make a dedicated app for seller side in order to improve seller's service quality. Please consider, thanks.
The prices are exceptionally cheaper than the other apps. The program to get coin and how easy to use coin, discount and cashback. Also it's easy to find products that we want, so to find a better price and quality. For overalls, shopee gives us everything what we need. Thank you!.
Well ok I change my rating from 1-4 stars. My device is outdated to use this application.. for those who wish to use this application make sure you have the latest device.. device with quad camera quality which support the application camera before you could verify anything with your id and shopee should also provide this information in playstore...
rich feature, games, and discount offers. but the UI a bit too cluttered and need to be simplified especially in homepage, shopee pay withdrawal seems buggy. I have added a bank account number on settings menu and already set as default, but nothing shown in withdrawal page. please fix as soon as possible.
For now I'll only give one star UNTIL you've upgraded your payment system to ACCEPT DEBIT CARDS. I've got Lazada, Blibli & Tokopedia & I've been shopping like crazy at those sites. Can't say the same about Shopee though.. BTW your page looks cluttered.!.
The pro of this app are only their vouchers/promo, burning money at its best.. other than that, i'd say either green or red commerce the better. Simple case, the SLA of processing every purchase is not making any sense, too long (2 working days) just to wait for the item to be sent. Then if the seller fail to deliver, we will be asked to wait another 2-3 working days until the money refunded. Seriously?.
You need some fix on your app. It's opened but says no internet connection while my internet is absolutely fine. I've even updated it but still the same. I enjoyed shopee so much but I think you need some maintenance regarding this issue..
The app got nothing to complain about but your commercial is so embarrassing to see in national TV. Please stop making commercial with ladies wearing skimpy clothes..
I have been using this online platform from more than 2 years. At the first time before any update app, there was not annoying problem. But after do several updates, it takes longer times to showing the feeds, for example if i want to see my following then click the profile of its store or search the brand/product/store in search panel, I thought probably my connection was bad but absolutely not because in another devices shopee also slow respon. Plus shopee's UI and UX is not comfort enough..
A trusted and inredible Marketplace . It also has a very fast response by its Customer Service in solving a problem whether about the app or our purchasing case 🖤.
I can't do any payment except COD. Everytime I want to do payment, the app just crash. Ive clean cache repeatedly, but the problem is still there. I've contacted customer service via Twitter but CS doesn't seem care nor replying my complain. Worst experience ever..
When the balance of shopeepay is not enough to make a full payment, it must be top it up first to pay. Why not just combine the shopeepay balance and bank transfered ?.
it's a great app but I can't check out and buy stuff cuz they say my phone number is already registered, now I don't know what to do I mean it's useless to use this app since I can't buy anything.
Very handy application, its everything you need for online shopping, only on your fingertips.
it's great application until i can't upload picture/video for seller's review, it said "need permission to access camera" but everytime i clicked on it nothing changed, so i try to check my phone setting, but again there's no matter with the phone setting, i allowed every access to camera and album..i don't know is this a bug or something🙁.
I love to buy something on shopee, BUT MY WALLET IS CRYING RIGHT NOW 😭😭 Bcs the cute stuffs I can't resist, overall it's very good and highly recommended. If you guys confused how to spend ur money, then download shopee. Your wallet will be thin again. I can guarantee 🙂👍 Thanks me latter.
Is shopee server is down?? Why everything is freezing?? Every time reload is error. Please fix it.
I can't log in into shopee with my account fb, the username and the password has been right. But always error to log in, in the past, if I want to log in into shopee I just put my fb account and the easy to use. But now, its horrible. I really mad now because of this problem. thx.
Recomended, safe & cheap Online shoppings, but Unfortunately, there is no mandatory rule from Shopee to each seller (especially in the category of non-food & daily necessities) to include information on the product display that is "New" or "Used".
Most def agree with one of the previous review. Definitly need a lite version. Not everyone have top of the line all powerfulk cell. For ppl with old phone like me the app is just too laggy.
I do love shopping on shopee. But tbh i really hate the apps because can't dispaly any search item even my signal is good. Already clear cache, clear data, sign out - sign in I tried many times but nothing changed. The apps still heavy to open. Fix it, please..
I have a bad experience using this shoppee app. The shopee team wasn't able to help my problem as well. My account was banned. I still have saldo there. So goodbye saldo coz they can't help me with the problem. They always tell to wait but the same problem is recurring. If I could only give a NEGATIVE rating, I would do it. I didn't change my PIN but it says *WRONG PIN* until they team deactivated my shopeePay,account and BANNED. LOL.
Thank you Shopee for making my online shopping easier and faster!.
Every update lately definitely bringing bugs just WHY? too much pop ups, unclear and messed up the words, and unable to scrolling smoothly. Please fix, just don't put your focus only in campaigns! We need comfy app experience for shopping, not flooded with pop ups and sharded UI..
Used to be a very satisfied costumer until there were some errors in processing my voucher and it takes more than a week. Not solved up to this day. Very disappointed..
Slow and lagging, need to reinstall every 2 days for the app to be running again, (update for the response) all your recommendation doesn't work, only uninstalling and resinstall resolve the problem for 1 day only , the next day i need to do it again, stupid app T0kpedia is better.
It still a bit laggy, but overall quite nice online shopping experience..
I dont know what to say. But everytime I download this app its crash and I cant even open to choose the products of some markets. Idk where the problem comes from, whether from my phone or its app. :( but as long as i know it works on my hubby phone..
I like the products they sell its all original, I also love using paylater that includes installment paying w/c i can really buy what I need..
After upgrade the latest version , I cannot open my Shopee... Please fix it.
I really love this app, since it got pay later feature I love it even more. It really helps me when I need to buy something in the end of the month (which means no money left in pocket haha). Just improve more and give sale more 🤑.
Good application, if you want easy shopping at the shop Thanks shopee :).
It was great app for shopping online for digital product and lots of things. But recently it can only be used as cashless app for offline payment only. At first it happened to my mom's account then it spread to almost all members of my family account. Was it bug or new regulations?.
Too much complicated. I can't login because i have problem with my previous phone number, it's didn't active anymore. Why do you ask OTP for login ? I even can't change my phone number if i can't login. You guys didn't helpfull olshop, complicated and you will lost your customer if you didn't change !.
One of the best online app, user friendly, and there are so many shops with best price, not to mention the flash sale, love it, downside only sometimes laggy to open shop's pages or photos. Thanks and keep up the good app..
I like this shopping app, very simple and it has many promotions 👍👍.
It works well,no problem at all. Many trusted seller and reseller. As long as we reconfirm our order and check availability. Along with the expedition reliability on delivering our orders. Just make sure we use valid id card and bank account for making any purchase..
very f*** nice, I can't even purchase a single credit. I have trying to purchase, like 5 times! and every time I input my pin it always failed it says that I have bad internet connection but instead my internet was on excellent network! d*** you!!.
Stupid, Complicated and slow check out process. Especially when flah sale..
Good application for looking and buying things. Haven't tried the selling side though. Just make sure you record everything when you open the packages you buy online so that you have evidence when something is wrong..
really love it, easy to use and manydiscount keep it up... thanks shopee....
Sometimes When I Want To Open Shopee,It Kinda Get Froze For 2-3 Minutes Or 4-5 Minutes More.It's Kinda Annoying,And It'll Be Such As Trouble For Impatient People Like Me..So Please Fix It..
Various products,competitive price,promo is everywhere!.. always be smart when you want to make a purchase,read the review and see the description...possibly chat to the seller as well...so far I have good experience shopping through this apps...
Great app for online shopping. It have much of free delivery voucher which is worthwhile to reduce the online shopping cost. I prefer to use Shoppe Pay as my payment method because it's simple to top up via nearby grocery store such as Indomaret and Alfamart/Alfamidi and get quick check out of products. Overall Nice👍👍👍.
For now, shopee really useful when you want to buy something(online). For user interface, still kinda lagging for sometimes. Also I can't remove my oneklik BCA from shopee bank account settings..
After latest update it randomly freezes and my phone should be force rebooted to fix.
Why i can't see the photos? My network is good..
Easy to use, fast service and respond, lots of gift promotion, but sort of lack of personal data security (revised), anyway good store apps for me very confinience to buy items from oversea products, fast delivery and cheap shipping cost. Thanks shopee..
It's very convenient to do transaction in shopee. More discount if u use shopee pay to do payment.
Here's the problem, i got 3 item, total is Rp 47k, i use free shipping voucher with shopee pay, i got Rp 50k shopee pay, it should be usable and enough money. But when i go to check out, That becomes 70k from the previous 47k because you guys (shopee) automatically choose the shipping, and I can't use my shopee pay even though that's a requirement for using the free shipping voucher. Fix that thing!.
Security and CS issue: My account got hacked, and it was so hard to make a report. Via chat keep disconnected, had to tell the chronology all over again everytime reconnected; via phone they just made me to listen to the menu; email and social media were slow. So stressing..
i just downloaded shopee after a few months i delete it but its so bad. PLS fix the bugs, it takes a long time for me to search the categories on shopee. when i wanna search, then appear white display fully..
I love this app. It's helpful. Hoping, they will continue their good work..
Good app for online shopping, many sales and promotions.
I have used this marketplace app since the very beginning and like it so much till present. It is user friendly, has become more developed now and always innovative..
I have been used this app for long, but recently it getting slower and slower again. Please separate between app for shop and games or other things not related to shopping. The app becomes too messy, crowded, and slow..
Lately it's been too long to load a page. Some items keep failing to load. Is traffic heavy? I'm already using the latest version. Opening other market place is easier..
Hard to find good products with good prices, many seller displaying items with ranged price. They put the chipper price for another item while the actual item is in high prices, for example, they selling a lamp in higher price but then they put plastic bag for the cheaper one in that lamp so the price is in ranged and they products will be displayed first if the buyer filtering the products from the lowest price. Its too many seller sells the same product so that kinda thing makes me uneasy.
Very good app..it's easier to get online shopping.
This market place is so good, tons of product and seller. But, the app is too slow. Whenever I search a thing, it will waste my time for 1-2 minutes before the loading ends. I use Max Pro M1 with 4 GB RAM..
I hope next update will add and input all types of Banking payment system to make it easier, and give more Bonus, but for all i like it.
Now Shopee has too many features, the app looks cluttered and crash often. It is no longer just a shopping app, please dont add another feature, simpler is better..
Always purchase products here and never face any problem. 😊.
Slow response for apps. Unknown error always..
Inconsistent application and often occurs errors/bugs.
There's lots of varieties for the product, trusted platform, having a great experiance all this time..
Nice app, it will be great if shopee also make a special feature only for b2b. So this feature only can reach by special account (maybe with minimum deposit at shopee pay). -_- and if u guys will have this feature later, please don't put minimum buying too high. Thank you shopee!.
The UX is great. But this apps needs huge capacity that i need too uninstall some apps to install. Then after finish the transaction, i need to unistall this apps so that my phone can work smooothly. The apps crashed very often, too..
Nice app, nice promo, complete package, and literally giving the next level of loyalty program (like coin and games etc) but sometimes it's too much..
lightweight app but the chat features especially in web version is a quite slow to display anything been goes on in app version. Using web chats mostly for easier typing task by keyboard than mobile phone..
Easy and fun to used this app, its helped a lot due to our shoping...
There is problem during I used the application so far. Good facilities. I am enjoying using this application. Recommended..
Always have nice shopping experience here. Good products, friendly sellers, and responsive CS, keep up the good work shopee!.
Lame QR Scan on Shopee Pay So slow and not responsive please fix that issue.
It was good at first, but then it keeps on stopping to work this few months, I've tried to uninstall or update it many times, still seems didn't work well..
Always satisfy with this online shop. Easy to operate, easy to find any great stuff, with good price. As long as you check the detail, you will never dissapointed.
Good app, very easy to use, I can get the best price and can choose which seller with good performance and so on, so far I have no issue with all the transactions..
I love it good for me. I have experience before, someone trying to get my account, but Shopee was secured and block my account because they know as well that's wasn't me. Shopee directly contact me and inform that. Shopee is not only secure my profile, Shopee also high protection for our financial e money. !! Thanks Shopee!!.
To many product from seller, but already buy and paid. Seller info this product not available. But this spoduct still display on shoope. Seller not update stock. 3 times i buy product and same, this produt not availabe, info from diffrent seller. Please update rules for sellerr, if stock not ready please dont display this product. 3 times i buy, from 3 seller same conditio. I need this product fast. So long times wasted time i not have this product ready..
Goooddddd I still haven't a bad experience during I have been shopping on this online shop. It's very easy and I can buy anything I need. Of course, I like something original. And Shopee makes my wish come. Thanks.
Great experiences . Good app. Love it . Keep it up.
Needs quite big amount of memory to be able operated smoothly. But overall its a nice app.. To shop...
Simple app for shopping, easy to use and fun games. It's really helpful app and fun..
Definitely number one marketplace in Indonesia. Never have any issues while using it. Good jobs, guys!.
Good shopping apps. Let you collect points thru interactive games, nice games, and the points has good benefits. So many discount, easy on pockets. 🎉.
Very good app with simple features. Also! There are tons of promotions and discount offers. Shopping made easy by shopee!.
Very useful, without this app during this pandemic I would have been forced to go out to buy certain supplies outdoors. This app taught me online shopping with such ease, my personal experience..
App is taking too long to load. Blank page for 5-10 minutes everytime I open. Tried to clear cache and everything but nothing worked. It's better to just open shopee from browser than the app.
Nice Application and make it easy to buy something.
My favorit app, make life easier, fast respon and very safety in tracsaction.
I cannot search my customers by their names in this latest version. The search engine apparently only recognise them by their username which is not helpful for me as a seller. Please fix it so the search engine can look for customers by their names.
Biggest online shopping app with LOWEST quality. Come on guys, you need to fix your app. Sometimes it going to "not responding", can't load the product!! Come on!.
I've been use this app for long time ago.. one thing that i don't like since first time, while try repeat searching oftenly freeze and i have to close the app and try again couple minute later.. please fix it..
Already turn off notification regarding anything except order status, but still receive promotion in push notification. Tokopedia is definitely less intrusive than shopee..
Please fix chat system! I sent chats and the status is delivering all the time After hours then the notification failed to deliver just appeared My connection is okay, I open other app and its working well.
Shopee used to be my favourite to buy kind of things but since it limiting free delivery coupon for VA transaction, I stop using this. Apalagi sekarang payment method by bank aja kena charge. Would uninstall soon. Thank you for several years before.
SLOWEST APP EVER. the market place is fine. but the app just the worst. my internet is fine, but always buffering when I open the app. the irony is it way faster opening shopee in browser than the app..
very good aps and recomended for buy or sell product, and nice UI.
Useful for online shopping.. Nice to shopping everyday....
I think this e-commerce very usefull for my daily needs thank you for developer and please improve the application again for delay and search is less accurate. If possible, add more free shipping. ☺️🙏.
Can't even log in, its anoying asal hell when all the code you sent are not even the right one...the app keep saying that i input the wrong verification code, although the code came from sms right after i try to log in.
Great app for shopping from far! But please update us a system that could let us know whether a product or seller selling an actual original product, so a customer won't get fooled by buying unoriginal products that could probably endanger them in using the product sometimes. Thanks Shopee!.
The shopping service is good. But please fix the game winning system that you created. If it is a prize, give it to those who have tried. Not an account that even joined one day lol.
profitable application between seller and buyer & many vouchers for free postage..
Easy in looking for goods we need, with variative prices and sellers, simple in joining the aplication without any troubles in signing in, while other aplications sometimes need detail information of the shoppers in sign in. Good luck and wish your best in simple online shopping..
Please enhance the processing speed for your bill payments, why the hell the system took 3-5 days to process bill payments??? That's just really really disappointing, u guys really lag behind Tokopedia and Bukalapak on that part, minor changes but greatly impact customer satisfaction.
So far so good. Only need to improve some memory based consumption. It take to much memory if you're browsing alot of stuff in one go..
Nice apps.. make alot easier for online shopping...
Such nice experiences, spending money to affordable stuff....
One of the best platform for online shopping, trusted and also have a lot of collection from many sellers. Like it so much..
This app is so great. The product is orginal and that was awesome to buy things use thi app 👍.
The best shopping app I have found in Indonesia. I have purchased food products, home products, etc as they have a very wide selection of products and vendors are reliable for on time shipping and quality products. Another PLUS... they sponsor Liga 1 Indonesia...makes them very cool! 👍😉.
I personally think that, Shopee is a good app. Not only for shopping but also for entertaining just like several games which already served in it. I enjoyed it.
a really good app for window shopping! the key is, you gotta find trustable shops and stores kalau mau beli barang yang original + ga nipu. just be wise while buying..
One problem.. Shopee is super LAG.. open or clicking anything taking tremedous time. Its a waste... And thats why i'm platinum member in tokopedia. Coz tokopedia open anything easily... And dont say my phone slow.. its 8gb ram with 128gb rom with SD855.
Need good signal. Sometime its lag because of weak signal. Also for international seller, have some problem with communication..
This shopee app is very disappointing, especially in customer complaint services. I have a case number 97176939. Wich has taken 1 month. A case where there is no solution and late handling problem. Its really make me loss about my financial cause about this problem..
Easy shopping. Easy trading. Nice apps..
Di versi baru gadapet data up to date di fitur buat ngeliat penilaian toko, i will change the rate when it fixed. But overall, oke bgt.
So far, shopee can give reference for a lot of stores Keep it up!!.
The recent update (shopee 9.9) is buggy, not run properly, close by itself few second after opening. Please fix this immediately.
the new version is terrible SLOW and much of BUGS. sometimes no responding then stop working before we can typing on search bar what we want to buy, that is so SHAME and DISAPPOINTED!.
Great app, but less service, my account directly blocked even though I just late to pay my transaction, never I got in other app..
So any (-) for Seller. The last version cant track the order in expedition. My dropship order has clear and my customer has been review my product, But that order show again for process to send to customer after I upgrade the apk in last version. Please fix it:(.
The app is good for shopping but some product there are not original product to have. Please do filter (make sure a product had license BPOM, etc) in every product before seller selling the product. (I hope some product i get the original one). Thank you.
This app is very usefull, but there are too many features. So it can make this app run slowly..
Great apps with good consumer goods... good...good...good I love it..
Keep lagging. Keep getting log out. Hey fix it please. Edit: sometimes still lag, and slow to load. But i think its getting better. Quite reliable market place..
Easy and affordable shopping! 👍 🥰🥰 love it 🤗🤗.
So far, no significant problem that i'm encountered. UX and UI are good and easy to understand for beginner user.
great application and very easy to use..
I've to give it 4 stars bc it's too lag. You have to wider your server shopee, believe me. The lagging thing is really annoying..
Love it 😍 I already bought many things from shopee and it came perfectly fine 👍.
Recommended marketplace. There are many discounts and good quality of product.
bad ux and ui. too much information in one page and pop up make this app get slow. read photo from gallery take long time..
Latest update is sucks. It can't load pages and only show me blank spaces. So hard to claim the vouchers and stuff also. Please fix it ASAP, Shopee!.
So easy for shopping.. but first... please fix my SHOPEEPAYLATER about the fine for late payment dues! i already pay for twice,, but i still receive the notification bill!! why!?? i report and complaining in several times from email and live chat. but nothing!!.
Very good aplication, and easy to use. And the most likely is cheaper then other..
The best shopping online and so many benefits has given, thanks.
shopee is my favorite shopping app. and because I'm a kpop fan, so I mostly shop abroad. I used to shopee 11.11 I can pay with cash on delivery, but now why I can't? please fix it again, because it really makes it easy for me to shop without having to use a debit card or go to Indomaret / Alfamart. I give a 3 star rating, then if it's fixed I'll change the rating🙏.
Good promo, need to improve interface.
Nice one! Trusted transaction, lots of product, easy to navigate 👍.
The best shopping app, user friendly and very secure..
Please improve the filter feature. not easy to tap Overall, I like all the features and systems in it..
This apps is great. We can find anything that we want based on our need..
So far, i like this app. Easy to see what products, is it available or not, i can see product review and i love the discount.
Cool app, easy to use. More free ongkir with other pay option, not just with shopee pay. And more cash back with less t&c. Best online shop app so far!.
good app but new update really slow and unresponsive, i cant see main page and my basket, just loading and blank.
As a buyer I'm satisfied but as a seller it really sad because 2 times I have good record of selling but all of those are deleted automatically by shopee without any notify to me. It really disappointed for me to using this application again for my routine order..
Keep scrolling back to the top from ShopeeTanam to the notification/friend list, so annoying, need to scroll down again..
Very cheap items with mostly high quality. Low or nonexistent shipping costs. No language change option that I can find, but the photos mostly cover everything..
Very good aplication..it's make everything to be easy...good👍👍👍.
Always satisfied the best e-commerce so far.
It is also very useful to use it and has much to look for.
Just finished the update, after that i cannot login using my social media account, i need to login manually. Please fix it !!!.
Good apps to obtain any stuff, but should be improved for the connectivity.
Like this app, first the important thing is no admin if we wanna topup shopeepay, and 2nd we can collect coin from thing that we bought, and 3rd point from shopee that can chage for buy stuff, and last is promo buy with no minimum is free delivery.. thanx shopee 😁😊😊.
Good, easy and friendly to use.
Helpfull, easy to use and lot of voucher discount.
i suddenly can't load my cart. please fix this. it keeps on saying im disconnected from the internet. i tried uninstall and reinstalling it and it's stays the same! pls help i need to buy something ASAP.
Easy to buy with shopee pay, and also easy to retirn money back, if the seller doesnot pay attention.
I always feel bit suffocated when I open the app, because there's too much information and a bit slow....
Good price and sellers are responsive, fast delivery, good job!!.
Easy to use, nice promos, love this app!!! Happy shopping 💯.
It's not as clean and informative compared to other online marketplace, but for international shipping it is very fast and reliable. Thanks..
Simple, easy to shopping. I hope it can be support to low signal.
Good application... Always help me to find and buy something in this situation.. covid make all become online 😁.. so this is very2 usefull for me.. thanks shopee...
Bad UI, bad costumer services. Return process is too slow. I'd use other app rather than wasting my time to purchase something..
Lots of exciting games and lots of discounts... Like this !!!.
the app is getting slower and sometimes errors occur after a while browsing with the app...
Everytime I want to edit the address, it's cant.
Easy to navigate and its functions do good.
After the update, I can't use this app. It always after several second, said unfortunatelly stop and just like that. What happened??.
I can't access my app and change my address for gosend, please fix.. I've been using this app for a long time, it was a nice app.
Love this app..but sometimes it is freezing or blank when view the pics. Dont know why..
Everytime need something..the first application chosen is always shopee..easy to use..much more types and kind of goods sold..thanks shopee for making me easy to find all things...
It's so useful and an easy way to buy anything for amazing price....
Easy to use, app description match the app experience..
Can't Log In!!! Please fix it!!!!!!.
Robotic CS. Keeps repeating sentences. Rather unhelpful. Laggy app..
Ok, my problem solved.. thanks Shopee. I just recommend to maximize the performance and improve optimalization of this app. Regards, me *My device is Sharp SHV31 4.4.4 Kitkat..
Very easy to use. So far i don't experience any bug or crashing. Very good app..
Omg this apps back then was so smooth but now is lagging af. I use a good phone but still laggy omg is this apps gonna broken soon?.
Very easy and practical. It helps me to compare many products and price with the good and bad review. I love this app!.
sometimes the application is too heavy and too slow, sometimes the items sold don't match the description.
Sometimes there are error, hardly to setting the filter for change location, etc....
All Product, Good Aplication, Easy using Aplication and Easy Process.
Cant view merchant's product. It says to long getting connection. No any problem with my connection, Im done.
I can find a lot of rare things here. Even moat of my favourite stuff in shopee comes from abroad, it is so easy to handle. Including refund etc. Great job shopee...
Very good application for shopping. Many voucher and many discount. Great shopping app. The best..
So Nice. Helpful. Add item search filter by city/regency! Optimize for True God/the Super Greatest Boss and Universe! Thank you so much forever 🌸🌸🌌🌌.
A good e-commerce app. Use this app very often for buy things online..
Application UI is complicated, choosing items also quite complex. But Good customer service center..
Nice app that contain with all you wanted to search, from foods,tools, even merchandise, wow.....
Cant login with otp on number phone, Captcha too much harder, always wrong something like that. Officially im uninstall, thx.
why does this always force close the app? I can't open the app because it always exits by itself..
It is a nice online shopping experience to me 😍 simple, practical, fast delivery & reasonable price!!.
laggy, I have to refresh several times to view and to add to cart..
added new functions on the app such (GPS+ Log) for support and secure payment....
This app is so amazing. We can buy anything from this. And the security is nice. I like it so much. ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐.
Complete place to on-line shopping and of course a lot free delivery..
Try so hard to login, even with google mail account or by SMS. Please fix this..
So far so good. App sometimes freeze and take some seconds to make progress if you doing searching for stuffs.
I'm comfortable using this app. It helped me a lot in buying things that I need with cheaper price and also good quality.
Very easy to use, always find good stuff with affordable price ,,.
Favorite e-commerce app all the time. Super user friendly and have so much promo !.
the app is very good and really helps make it easier to shop online and the stuff is great too.
Very good shopping in this online shop. Always satisfy with the system..
The best market place online. You can find anything at Shopee and the most important thing that make it the best is, free fee shipping voucher👌 also you can gain coins just by play games👌.
Very usefull app, but there's still lack of performance its load too long sometimes and deplated ram usage please fix it make it more fluid.
Really useful E-commerse app i ever seen, thats was so helpful and awesome, we also can tracking our package so well, thank you!!.
Shopee getting better and better, not only for the system, but also the livestream feature. Nice promotion to.
Good and simple shopping application. Many discount and fast shipment..
I love it, this app is really helpful.. i can shopping everywhere everything and Everytime with this app...
I DON'T KNOW WHY THIS APP SOO PROMBLEMATIC.Tbh I used to love this app BUT recently I just trying to buy somethings,, I just followed the procedure like I always do. But when I clicked the checkout button. It suddenly said that I have violated the policies in the app while I just do it like I always do, all of my account had been deactivated because they accused me for doing something that I have no idea what's wrong. They didn't even explain which policies that I broke. SMH.
Simple & easy way to shopping everywhwere.
Good & help app.. For better shopping..
Such an excellent Apps. Easy to use and always updated on the campaign.
Always forced close and store is under construction always. Hope. Much be better when I update this app.. So far. I love this app btw :).
Lotsa promos everyday! Like this app!! Abit hard for new seller to compete with stars . Product always blocked from list. Jangan lupa kunjungi toko WL MANIA guys. Jual arang briket kelapa terjangkau & berkualitas !.
Love this online shop app.. It's easy to use, n I can find whatever I want.. Thank you 👍😆.
The chat with agents feature sucks as it will keep reseting automatically out of nowhere..
in my pov, shopee is such a great app. you can get good quality things with affordable prices. but, i got an issue while using this app. i can't change my username before i even have made any changes of my username. so here, i'd like to give advice for this issue. dear shopee, if you read this, i really hope you to respond my review and fix this issue by adding more chances to change users username. tysm <3.
Its so lagging My internet are so good so the shopee problem Huh!!!👿🥴🙄.
Best marketplace to look about fashion, gadget, and fancy things. Keep it up and keep innovation.
After update, sooo slooww so many connectivity problem.. cant join goyang shopee...
Useful apps for e-commerce.. very much promotion, thanks shopee...
Sometimes the page lagged too long, have to close the app then reopen it to have better performance.
A good application, user friendly, reliable info, many things that sell.....
Very good service. Thank you so much Shopee. Next time I will buy again from Shopee. This app good at racking orders is good and customer service is good too..
Search product from official store always resulting blank page. What happen??.
The best e-commerce with many great, fun, and surely beneficial features for buyer and seller 👍.
Must update recently.. and still it's difficult to see the product..super laggy.
I really disappointed with 11.11 promo & rewards. I got the voucher, then succeed, but after one day, this transaction was failed. If you wanna get lots profit, would you please DO NOT deceive customers, it's very embarrassing.
Very helpfull and give so many voucher discount.
Great App, great save, great game, great response from CS team. Thanks.
Used to be smooth experience but page couldn't load after latest update for samsung note 20+.
Too slow.. even using high end device, and high speed internet connection.
Love this app. I can find all things online with cheaper price and ofc have vouchers for free.
The best app shopping online. Many discount and cash back. Thank's shopee..
Good apps.Keep the performance and consistency in term of service and quality of seller.
Really like this app, bcs I'm a shopping lover, so I spend my time shopping at shopee.
Great online shop. I've got a lot of coins and vouchers from here. Thank you so much shopee.
I like shopping online and shopee is my favorite shop app. It has many productions which we need. Thank you, shopee...
This app is really good and really convenient to use, being a seller here is so easy!! TRUSTED AND MY FAVORITE!!😊.
It has more varied ranges of products n vendors including from overseas. Yet, during this pandemic season, there should be a more friendly courier service for delivery/shipping to Eastern parts of Indonesia. I mean comparing to other platforms, this only allows one specified courier =(.
All are good responsive and quick services.
My favorite ecommerce app. Easy to use and has lots of benefit. Great shopping experiences!.
It's clearly the time to separate seller and buyer section. Performance and user experience is getting worse..
Ease of use, user friendly, efficient & safe shopping apps..
Product complete and cheaper, the seller more responsif...application easy to use.
Really nice when we agreed and satisfied both. The only thing to improve is chat. It took litle time sometime. Thanks ..love it.
Very good and smooth shopping apps!!! I buy my daily needs here with very good price. Thanks Shoppee.
I cannot do the checkout while the other users can do. I sure this must be the bug. This thing never happened to me before..
Super slow & lags everywhere. Sometimes it shows no product at all.
It's helpfull for me to find what I need, what I want and easy to make a deal..
Great Marketplace and provide so many things that we need..
Great shopping application, full of promo, have games, and so many items.
I think this app is not safe, because i have been contacted by a fraudster that claiming i can get 1.5 Mio IDR transferred to shoppe pay or my bank account, and surprsingly the fraudster know my private phone number and my id name account. Never shared this data except buying some stuff from this apps. Please fix the data security shoppe..
Easy to use and a lot of cheap stuff.
Many various things with any kind of affordable price and promos. Keep it up Shopee!.
There are lots of shopping options, depends on prices, seller, and locations.
games bubble shopee error, few days I can't play it... please fix this bug....
It's a good app, complete. But sometimes it takes time to load..
Best online shop, easy to use, and fast support.. Thx...
Easy to use and so far haven't got any problem.
Very helpfull apps. I like it very much.
Great packing and delivery time, good price and product..
This app is I don't know but always running slow on whatever phone I've use. Not really fan of but sometimes I need it..
Easy to use, lots of star sellers, trustable, good stuffs, great promo.
This app really awesome... Yes they're right, almost there's nothing we can't find something sell in this app.
Very simple and useful application luv it.. 😘😍.
this app is just good at things such as loading screen and sometimes it lagged but not that hard.
To make shopping get easy. More seller & more options. I like shoppee!.
Today this app is crazy bug. Cant checkout. Please fix it bro. Very annoying..
My apps got stuck in the first 11.11 page, please fix this bug ASAP, I'm running a store in shopee....
Helpful. Fastly send. I choose this app, bcz it helps me to buy anything, and eassy to use. But, I have problem in setting my Post Code of my city. It's not available..
Easy to use and we can find a lot of good product,also the nice seller..
Love it, use Shopee for shopping. So far o find easy to use this app..
Best online shop with international store, but please fix the reliability issue, because often it lag.
This application was helpful, especially during the pandemic, that we were not free to go to department store..
Some pages are blank, please fix it. Shopee tanam, koin shopee, even the product's status.
A big online shopping shop that help me much better than others platform. Easy shopping is Shopee💕.
Honestly tho, it really takes too much time to search for product, pls fix this.
Goo Design, Well categorized, and features are cooo too..
We can't use all of shopee coins when doing a transaction. It's been limited. It's unfair, please notice it..
Easy to access, functional at its best, keep up the good work!.
Fun shopping with shopee and satisfied. Thanks shopee.
It's the nice application to buy anything, it's the best application 💙 thankyou.
Nice apps, easy to use, various products, very satisfied....
Hoho best online shop, with many event and discount..
Not too comfortable with the result of searching things yet so helpful with the 30k free ongkir.
Very convenient, I don't need to worry about custom fee and ultra-long delivery time if the seller is from other Country. You can find wide varieties of products, from A to Z.
Easy to use. Free shipping. Affordable price. Trusted seller. Perfect..
Really helpful,, complete options and easy to use...
Great apps, but awful for CS . Super slow and not helping.
Lots of options, not just beauty & home-used products..
Sometimes I can't go back to home screen. FYI, I'm using gestures swipe..
Good platform for online shopping..hopefully they keep it up with security issue.
really good, keep the improvements continuously.
User friendly, trusted, really good apps for shopping.
The aps is user friendly and completed items.
I can buy anything without go outside....we can use shoopepay tu buy it or can use shoopepay later...but my shoopepaylater dont have limit anymore i can shop when i want anymore...ok.
Good enough, but sometimes still irrelevant when filtering.
Such a nice app for online shopping, although the voucher more offered for the shopeepay user, not like used to be.
New update is gud, but why when we chat with shopee team so short time then wndow chat close automatically, then we repeat again chat with shopee team, so wasting time.
This app make user comfortable for shopping, and with thus condition make people easy for shopping.
My favorite online shopping app 😍 Walaupun kadang update jd lambat/lagging tapi cepet banget diperbaiki. Keep up the good work!.
What a great marketplace. As I've been buying many goods here, Shopee never fails me. Good job.
easy to find and order product and has attractive games..
This app really good for shoping. Very cheap and have a lot of cashback. Very recommended have this app.
Good Application, with good promo and complet of goods and needed...
Shopee has a good interface that makes it easier to shop, and many discounts too..
I like this shopping apps so much it's so easy and very useful.
The place where we can find any cheap stuff, easy to use , but the app is so heavy in my phone..
Keeps showing blank page upon clicks. Pages just wouldnt load at all.
Mantaappbb ! Pertahankan peduli custommer / shopee app user..
Very very good ! I really enjoy shop in here.. love love.
good items, good prices, but the apps looks too crowded.
very satisfied shopping through shopee, and very satisfied with the service... Thanks....
This is by far my favorite online shop of all time 🎉🥳 Been using it for a year now....
freeze after 11.11 update. device: xiaomi mi a1.
Best ones!!! Many ongoing promos!!!.
The application using to much storage/memory and never working properly.
verification problem can't login with sms, fb, google and even LINE.
The one and only online shopping application that I trust. Keep on going Shopee..
very complete and usefull featurs. Best marketplace apps so far..
It's hard to input new address.
Too much update and cannot chat between buyers..
Amazing ...Always finds best deal and so far so good and highly recommended.
Bad customer service. Even the problem hasn't been solved yet they keep ended the session like they didn't want any trouble to solve the problem. Please train your employees before assigning them to their task..
Latest update seems much improved and getting better! Good luck Shopee team!.
Easy to use, competitive price.
On check out process, new telephone number is asked. Why? I only have one..
Love it! Top choice for shopping.
Many events and promos, very good, I can't stop shopping.
One stop destination for shopping. Shopee best place for shopping..
Application is good. Quite stable..
Very good online shopping apps. Keep the good work!.
Great shopping app for those who appreciates time.
Best ecommerce, can't stop shopping on Shopee....
Very helpful, all kind of things easy to find.
Great app. But the interface so crowded for me.
Easy to use and many more choices than other market places. Cuman free ongkir nya kurang.
Extremely Useful during Pandemic! Keep up the good work Shopee Team yay!.
When you read the reviews and everyone is complaining and telling the exact same thing, its obvious that something wrong is going in this app, so shopee stop telling everyone that its their fault. In fact it has something to do with the app.
Easy to download. Easy shopping. Thank you Shopee.
Convenience for me to search the goods. Tks.
I lowered it to 1 stars from 5 stars, because Shopee is not able to protect consumers who are even gold members and are almost flawless, from sellers who have a trick mode with confusing descriptions and courier options, and that's a fraud mode. There is a new online selling fraud mode, by selling defective glassware, with delivery options scenario that are damaged on the road, so that the traces of the defects are lost, lazy consumers will just accept it, rather than bothering with returns ...
I can't open my shopee.. I was uninstall and install again, but its same!! please fix it.
Good price... easy shop.. life become easier day by day... esp. at this moment... 👍👍.
Fast delivery , most variatif goods , inovation app ....like it so much.
Great app. I like it because it offers many promo.
Very user friendly and I can find the things I am looking for.
Almost 2 years using this app, before I did shopping n games but now I ll ready to do lots things... great for be creative.
This is very good. Because there are many vouchers in here. I am so happy.
Pretty decent, tho pretty glitchey at times but overall it's a okay.
Good service, prompt response, satisfying quality.
Excited with this app. Very safe and easy to operate on phone..
So many voucher min buy 30k but when i check out it can't be applied, even i already use shopeepay. Very sucks..
Bad experience shoping in this app, Costumer Care was bad, really bad.
Good. But need improvement especially about refund and buyer protection..
i don't like today latest update.. especially the Shopee Bubble game. I prefer the late update then the new one.
This app very useful, all good stuff and branded was here with competitive price.
Too much gimmic, make the app become slower and slower the ui so crowded.
Shopee makes it easier to shop almost everything you need in your daily life.
Good service and save time in shopping..
Updated and informative. Easy to be used..
The comment on the products sometimes irrelavant and repetitive..some people write only to get free coins.. And there's a lot of free shipping voucher but after being used it's written the available shipping logistic doesnt have any discount..I've tried 3 kind of shipping logistics..maybe you should inform us which one has discount.
Good bargain and free deluvery cost. Great experienve..
Make the lite version because this app requires more resource than actual game apps on android..
So easy to use in everywhere..anytime...
Really good application with bunch of promotions and great features 👍.
perfect.. low price.. i like... easy to transaction.....
Very disgusting terrible and annoying. Can't refund my money in shopeepay. Can't buy may wishlist with 2500 stock cause Can't reset my pin of shopeepay within 4 days (can you imagine?) although I always try to contact the customer service via phone and live chat. Ver not good about solving the customer complain. And the live chat usually ended it self as long as I didnt finish my chat.
Good apps for online shopping, the apps not borrowed to use...
Reasonable price and lots of choices.
It's easy to use... entertaining.. easy shopping...
Nice e commerce, easy to use and safety for spend the money.
Is pretty good with many promo so we can save money from fee charge.
Easy for shopping and planty option for shipping.
I have been using shopee for quite some time. My last purchase has been a really bad experience that some of my friends encountered too...received a lens that wouldn't fit out of the box from an unprofessional seller who weirdly got a good average rating despite some really bad reviews that I didn't check before ordering and the dispute has been "resolved" in favor of the seller by an unprofessional staff who didn't bother reading my message...i will use other app that offer more warranty!.
Can't upload new item and edit price.
User friendly, good access, informative menu.. Overall awesome.
Usefull application and easy to use.
Fast response , fast delivered, lowest price, trusted, money back guarante.
I'm definitely satisfied with excellent service and great deals that really beyond my expectation during my personal shopping experience using shopee. Two thumbs up! Keep up the magnificent things and can't wait upcoming suprises that entertaining myself as a loyal shopper..
Very satisfy, excelent wrapped, and fast delivered as expected..
Am so in love with this online shop ! Easy to buy & more voucher for free delivery 🥰.
Its good and safe application for online shopping..
It's easy to use and I love it so much. It gives so many benefit..
Good apps for shopping. but need more discount for shipping.
i like it so much , but sometimes the free shipment cannot be used.
Fun to use, cheap product, overall great quality.
Shopee make your joyful day. I love this app. Thanks for give the best..
Trustworthy application, fast delivery, good quality product.
During this pandemic, Shopee helps me to buy anything without going to the real store..
Nice apps. Need more promo of free shipping and discounts in any payments.
A lot of free shipping vouchers. Thank you.
Easy way to shop! Very helpful! Thanks.
Good application, competitive price & product variant.
Easily to buy things what you need.
Fast and practice application for sell and buy anything🙂.
Best partner for shopping. Many games and reward. Success for sophee.
To be honest, all of my transaction is ok. But, the help center isn't so good..
Nice eCommerce app, good service and very satisfied customer.
I'm a shopee user since long time ago, and I don't have any problem after a month starting using shopeepay as my payment method. And then I got a problem, I can't proceed the payment using shopeepay without the latest update, I didn't know that so I paid with card. I just need you to notified anything related to shopeepay..
The best shopping app. I love it!.
My no 1 go to e-commerce ever since. Love the free shipping program. However it's been a few days that I can't seem to ATC for several items though my cart is not at maximum number. Also it takes some time to load the items in my cart for review and checkout. Thanks..
The best shopping online application fullfil our needs..
Really love this App, never have any problem at all. L O V E !!!!!.
fix all the app's issue, make it works properly, then i'll give you three more stars..
Nice application for online shopping, its useful for us to shop anythings.
Well.. sometimes I've found super loading access in this app..
Shoppe the real thing and real pict in shoppe is good ,I love shopping in shoppe.
Very good Apps and easy to use.
Good condition for packing.
Like to olshop than other, it give understandable feature and lot of disc.
Often blank screen and delay every open any offers 😥.
Good app for shoping,many product here,best for you shopee.I love so much 😘.
Good app, almost everything is there. Keep up your good work shoope ^^.
It really is disgusting. This is my second experience using this app and faced the same problem that I can't continue my payment after checkout. The page only loading and disappear in the next minute. I really need the product but so disappointed for what happened. It's not relate to poor connection because my connection is really good. It's the app that doesn't run well. Please notice this message and fix the problem..
Me likey. Lots of promotion, really good for the-money-is-so-limited people. Okay then. Here's the 5 stars..
The best one for shopping, and the solution for our need.
Pls release update, always loading not showing the picture..always blank.
Great app with many discount products.
Very satisfiying with the product and delivery time.
Safe shopping, lots of choices Really satisfying app.
menus are to much ..needs to be simplified.
Too much update and getting slower running the app..
This is the border less shopping of time place and value of money.. :-).
UI, optimalisasi dan load time nya coba sama seperti tokped, 5 star for you.... but now 4 star is enough.
Good products and also good price.
They compensate any mishaps in the transaction..
I can buy anything needed without thinking of time allocated in looking for the thing I need.
One of the best marketplace as long you know what you're looking for.. kudos 👍🏾👍🏾.
Makin slow sama nge lag, storage makin gede, sering tiba-tiba nge FREEZE lamaaa...... kinda annoying :).
You know i'm very like to this app Yeah, because its like very easy for order any items, yeah anyway for everybody that still hasn't know how to online order, i Just recommendation this app, okay Thanks for shopee make me always bought item😄😄.
can't login with FB my acount only FB so disapoint.
Nice place to shop almost everything u need with good price and delivery.
Good app, easy used and fast response..great.
My location is in Singapore but it keep going other locations like India so I don't understand the language and can't put my location....
Every time buy no problam , respon quickly, alot promotion product. Thank you.
Easy and comfortable to buy things...
Best app shopping and many more promotion can be used.
After update,can't log in with Facebook account 😭.
Good deals and got lots of free delivery fee!!.
Very useful for online shopping, thanks shopee..
Very good and safety way to online shopping....
Recomended, ol shop , perfect n complete.
Easy using. Lot of discount and free shipping😍.
very slow, stuck sometimes.
Games candy, link, bubble error, please fix it.
Easy, safe and quick way for online shopping..
shopee need to add a feature to delete purchasing history..
It used to be good, but after few update, it sucks! Didn't find any improvement during last 3 version, the latest is even worse! Can't display any search item in a shop, can't proceed to payment, keep telling me GAGAL MEMUAT. Their CS will only tell you to clear cache, sign out, sign in which I tried many times and nothing happened! 👎.
Very friendly application... Love it....
Good shopping app, but its inconvenient because we couldn't see how much shipping cost after using voucher if your shopee pay didn't enough. And hopefully in the next update you can add feature where we can choose to delete our shopping history. Sometimes it bugging me because too much list on my history, especially after 'big shopping day', where people usually ordering dozens of package. I hope you will considering this feature for the next update! Thank youu!.
Good service, quick and safe..
More easy with shopee pay later but need more limit.
Its make easier to buy something that you need by your finger.. but most free deliver is for people around Jkt or pulau Jawa.. we must spent alot for price...
I got what i want! There are so much options and reviews, very helpful.
Very nice. I can find all things online, and usually with cheaper price, and I always take daily vouchers for free / discounted shipping. Most of the star sellers are giving some vouchers also which sometimes can be used with daily cashback vouchers. I love using shopeepay for most transactions, the cashbacks and promo are well informed. Tracking shippings easily also, and if you're short of funds you can use paylater also. Lastly, the mini games are such cute additions..
Shop just in your hands. Good service. User friendly. Always offer promo. Thanks.
One stop shopping, good quality product, low price, many discount delivery cost.
Worst marketplace app ever. They don't give my money when the buyer already accepted the items I sell. I will never recommend people to sell/buy on shopee anymore..
Shopee is very helpful in providing the necessary items.
This app getting heavy with lots of game and unuseful fiture.
After update Shopee have become useless, search results gone. Your app stupidly slow, Cmon man! Besides, your searching algorithms sucks! Big names with big sales and (usually) had cheaper price didn't show up in the search result. Playing dirty tricks? I have to edit my review, you deserve to get one star. You didn't give the best experience for the customer..
Good quality brand of sale some trusted product...keep moving forward....
One of my favourite e-commerce app!.
Great app ever. Easy to use and best ever.
In chats, no indication if it is read by seller..
So far I am Happy to shop with shopee, preciously I oftenly shop with yr competitor, but lately yr prices n services (games) are increased good. I am very happy.
Very nice app to buy things... Lots of promotions.
So simple. Tinggal tunggu, barang sampai. Thumbs up...
Easy to use , good navigation... many star supplier.
Aplikasinya user friendly, banyak free ongkir dan disc. Thanks Shopee.
A lot of products with great price..
A nice marketplace with lots of discounts!.
enjoying shopping , easy to transaction......
Easy to use, fulfilled all our daily needs.
It is a super laggy online shop application for now. It is just an online shop application not a steam game. It must be a helpful but in fact it's not. Do not disappoint your users. Everytime I open it, it's very heavy to open any image to show even my signal is good. You must fix it..
never disappointed shopping at shopee. every problem is always solved. good and friendly service.
Easy to search items and easy to buy 👍.
So Far i had good shopping experience.. Thanks Shopee!!.
I like shopping. And this app really helps me to shopping from home.
unable to search/blank page (its normal when listed whole products list, but must i look for 1 specific product on thousands products list?!) when searching under specific category or sorting in every store, after clearing cache, relogin with otp, it works for 1 time only and then it happens again, its makes me do transaction on related store on other marketplace platform because i cant find that specific product on your platform, please fix it!.
Please make shoppe seller apps please. Since its hard for seller to have both account for seller and buyer in one apps. Thankyou ..
Cooperative and informative. Fast respont!!.
overall good, i always shop online from shopee. 👍🏻.
Cheaper & fun! Hanya pelit nyawa di shopee games!.
So annoying experience as seller, which buyer always asking help within chat to help them on Shopee games..
Recently I can't see product list that I click on the homepage or search. It only shows blank page and never get loaded. I tried to switch connections but the problem still persist. Have to stop the app and reopen it to solve the issue. I like shopee but this is kinda annoying since the issue happens quite frequently. I will update the review when I am no longer encounter this issue..
Verification account takes a long time. Administration fees also more expensive than other application. And too many unused things like story, feeds, and live stream (Need lite versions without these items).
good but consume too much data and storage.
so far, soOo good. It makes me easier to shop because the application is easy to use\^•^/.
The loading very very slow. Making stress fir waiting.
Like it, love it, and rekomended it. Thank you shopee ❤.
Good apps but sometime the cost of shipping quite expensive 😊.
Good deals, bad UI, bad engine, laggy af.
I used to dislike this app due to its UI/UX but now Shopee is my go-to e-commerce!! Semua ada lengkapp.
Good app, you can buy, sell, or just play games and get coins that you can use as reduction on your purchases, many promotion, cashback, discount, free delivery, flash sale ,etc , have many merchant, and colaborating with outside merchant, continously hopefully..
The platform is great but the serivce must improve. My problem still not done and no follow up from the customer service...
Very convenient and now become my 1st choice of eCommerce.
Competitive price compared with other marketplaces, i loved it. But also sloweest one compared to others when loading picture. I HAVE TO CLEAR CACHE to make it little bit faster. No significant improvement even with newest update. YOU GOT TO GET BETTER IN ORDER TO COMPETE WITH THE "GREEN ONES"..
I was addicted to shopping here because of all the promos, discounts and vouchers as well. But they didn't stop there, they included mini games that can actually win real prizes and coins. So yeah, when i'm bored i open this app to play games and browse stuffs to buy. This marketplace literally has everything you need, although i stumbled upon 1 naughty seller so still becareful and make sure you buy stuffs with good review of the sellers and products. Make sure to video ur unboxing process.
Excellent app, very helpful for buyers.
Quick respons, complete and user friendly.
One if my fave app so far.. Loving the discounts.. Thank you 🐣.
My favourite app to shop. Easy to use. I wish they will give out more free ongkir voucher 😁.
The price is reasonable, good product, welcome seller.
Good for shopping.. many voucher and discount.
Up until now since 17 August 2020, I've complain about the emoney top up, that never updated to my card. And the agent just keep telling to go to ATM to update the saldo dan photo the history. I keep doing this for an absurb numeral times, but still its not resolve!!! I ask to refund but the agent and even the instagram Shopee Indonesia admin just being robot and keep telling me the same things. Shame on shopee!!!.
Great shoping apps, a lot of voucher, easy use.
I Love this online marketplace 💜💜💜, easy to use, trusted 👍.
So far your service is very good Your tracking system better than other platform. Eventhough buyer have to search carefully, since so many seller offer highly prices for the same item n quality. So far so good. On the next purchase, steering wheel cover, got the laziest local seller. More than 2 days for packaging, umbelievable. At the end courier service got obstacle time to deliver..
Awesome... shopping become so easy and addiction.
Too many ads, and so crowded and messy. As a seller, every cost from the free voucher, free delivery fee, cash back, all will be paid by seller, and the administration fee is also higher than other apps, this is why the price in here is higher than other apps. Not a good apps..
Good service and good quality.
Super slow platform! I have done clear cache, update the apps.. uninstall-reinstalled.. still this shopee is in slow mode. Dont you realize that your rating is getting worse? If not because sometimes sellers are not available in other platforms, I dont want to use shopee because its very irritating.
Good for shopping application.
I like it so far is good service and help me for shopping my things needed.thank you shopee.
confusing, especially when choosing promos.
Shopee price is reasonable and fast response.
Nice app for long distance shopping. In a way, previously i have no issue to open a store with multi pictures, but lately it takes time to load the products pictures after the updates, i'm not sure whether the app or my device faulty, but i have no issue opening other online shop app this far..
On time delivery, good deal product !.
Happy shopping with shopee, very professional!.
its best aplication...we can buy anything with cheaper price..we love shopping here.
Amazing place to shop stuffs that you cannot find at any other online stores.
One of the best online shopping platform!.
Nice... I like this app.. Andalanku belanja hemat, mudah dan cepat. Thanks shopee.
Not sure what happens with the latest version. Product list of any merchants is just blank, search result is blank, sorting doesn't work, images sometimes do not load, app is slow, and under moderate usage for several minutes the app is laggy and has to be force closed and reopened..
Very very bad for solving problem. Because CS and admin is like a robot not a human. Everytime give photos and videos likes a robot is handling. Seller is always have disappointed from buyer. Buyer is always feels right but sometimes they are wrong and shopee can not handling that. Buyer gives wrong photos and videos but from shopee make it right and seller can not do anything. Very very bad for solving problem and not recommended. I am seller and feels not comfortable with that..
I love this online shopping app. It's so simple app to used and there are many shops in this app that provide things for my daily needs with achievable price but it has good quality..
Nice apps for online shopping .... easy payment.
Very helpful and can solve problems.
Effective and practice for shopping..
Easy to shop, a lot of choices.
Please shopee, i cant regist my phone number, and without phone number i cant chat with selleer, they said that my phone already registered, but when they ask me to sent phone number to get otp code yes i cant, but my number cant regist on personal info! Why?! Pleasew fix it!.
Good market place, love the games.
Recently Shopee has been having so many bugs and errors, particularly regarding difficulties to log-in, chats and notifications that only show as a pop-up but not in the account itself, and frequent lags that force you to restart the app. I've been using Shopee for years but this time it got so bad I just can't deal with it anymore. Please, when it's almost your monthly free shipping day, fix the bugs first. A lot of people will switch platform if this happens too often. Thank you..
Good apps for purchasing all kinds of stuff..
Always shop in this apps....always seek the best price on the maket.
recommended, trusted, excellent service. thank you.
Recommended for shopping anything anywhere, 👍.
Sya pke HP poccophone F1. Maen Mobile Legend, Pubg, Dragon Raja, Fortnight, lancar jaya... Giliran buka shopee, kejang2.... G bs bk. Mantab, An+8g......!!!!.
Now Shopee become strange, not obvious. Why does the picture not appear and the load so long? Not long ago but could not appear the picture. While I clay the goods that I want through the image website appears and there is no loading because my internet is smooth. So weird! Please be repaired because it is very uncomfortable and irritated!!!!!.
Good apps, very usefull n UI friendly,.
Very easy and fast response.
Impressive! Recommended app to download. It's great!.
Best platform in Indonesia.. very satisfied buyer and seller👍.
This is one of the best marketplace i've ever known. The menu was complete, and it's easy to use even for the beginner user or maybe for old people. They always have promo every months. Even sometimes, the apps has some bug fixes. But they also has some updates which can fix the bugs or the errors..
Good application's and good product.
Everyting ok but for top up shoope pay little bit problem.
Helpful agency, so efficient, practise and many offering thats adorable and many stuff availbale.
Takes up too much storage :( Also takes too long to load. I think it's better to separate between shop, games and such. More than 2/3 of the people only need this app for shopping, y'know. Too many unnecessary stuffs, such a waste. :/.
if i open the app for long period the app become crash, it could not load the page. the app back to normal after i close the app and clear it from the recent app. it,is annoying me. i,am using redmi note 5 6/64 so it,s weird if i have no enough ram to operate the app..
Trusted seller with reasonable price so far, thanks!.
Good online shopping with affordable price and some free vouchers.
friendly user, many interested games and good price.
I agree with all about speed of this app.. too laggy when i want to see detail of product, slow product spawn when scrolling, even when i press back it will delay about a quarter minute.. I have reinstalled this application but nothing has changed...
Easy to get something I need...but mush be careful to selective product..
Too many features make people confuse, always campaigning fake promotion (free ongkir for all shop) which actually not true. Really bad customer service eventhough buying from the shopee mall directly.
The algorithm is poor. I always get message "Checkout Gagal (F01)" even if I choose different address to send. The Shopee Supports is also not helping at all. Please fix this. Otherwise, I will stop using the app..
Really love this online shopping apps, I feel secured in shopping 🤗.
After updating to the latest version, I couldn't search for things, chat to the sellers, nor sign in. There's always problem with the network. edit (08/28): i can sign in again after contacting the customer service. thank you.
Good service, quick respons, very warmfull customer team...goodluck and sucsess for all team.
Easy to use.. free shipment (t&c)...
aku puas dengan penawaran dan belanja di shopee. keep up the good work! ^^.
Better interface then other olshop. Suit me well.
I can't see anything, just blank page.
online shoping favorit update 7 sept 2020 : aplikasinya terlalu berat sekarang..
Easy to use and good services.
I just update the app, but it gets worse coz when I open the app it back home by itself, i wanna shop but I can't. Help!!.
I am so mad right now. I want to pay for 2 items and it seems like shoppee doesn't want me to pay for it. First, they let me in to the e-wallet then after I re-install the app and click the "pay now" button, it always said that "oops, something went wrong". Pls just fix the bug. This used to be my favourite platform to do online shopping. But if it keeps having bugs like this, I might change to a different platform. And pls fix the bug fast. It's independence day and I wanna use the promo..
A very good service. Fast!.
So laggy and buggy i think it is about internet connection but other app. Run well, i got two windows open when try to add an item and i hard to find my favorites when i open my account just order menu i got i dont understand why we got two interface with two windows open one as client one as what .. So confusing... One more the very basic -sorry to say this- handicap of this application is no tools to clear all and select/mark all the list in favorites and basket..
Good service , easy to use.
Good and recomended app for OL shopping....
Easy & friendly to use..
Really good app for shopping.
After updated to the latest version the apps become so laggy, so slow, really annoying!!! I've changed my internet connection from one to another network, switched from the apps installed on my mob to my tablet, cleared out the cache, logged out and re-login, restarted my phone, and so on, but still not perform. You might need to change your IT team since they seemed not doing their jobs good. Very bad e-shopping experience!!! Thumbs down!!!.
Sorry I gave 1 star, because after I updated the problem began to appear, first, the notification I could not see, secondly, I came out and tried to log in again, but I could not enter and the words "network problems, please try again". I tried again still could not, I could not delete the cache too, then I restarted it still could not. HOW ABOUT THIS?! PLEASE PROVIDE A SOLUTION BECAUSE I'M ORDERING SOMETHING.
Good and recommended for shopping online.
Fixed my login trouble, thank you!!.
Good.. Easy to use and many promos.
Good app for shopping anything u need..
One of the best of online shop I've ever used!.
Sorry for the 2 stars. The app is always lag and too many features at home. I can only roam properly when using WiFi. Even for checkout, I have to keep re-connect data network when not using WiFi. I think there are too many useless features that people dont need it. Maybe some people like me just looking for something we needed. We type the keyword , we choose , checkout , order completed then close the app and check the shipment progress next day. As simple as this..
Easy to used... But always be smart buyer.
easy..friendly and responsive.
UI experience was bad, there's a lot pop up things when you open it. So it made the apps very laggy. Even though it's the updated version of the apps. Search engine also bad. The longer I stayed in the apps, the worse it gets. I used to stay in apps to look for things, now I just search for something that I need, then leave asap..
The app was fine until yesterday. It couldn't get the update of my notifications such as my orders, chats, etc. It couldn't load any images I searched for, either. I thought the problem was the lack of my device storage, so I cleared all the data, but nothing happened. Then I logged out, thought my account was the source of the error. But after that, I couldn't log in back and this kind of message popped up continously even when I closed the app "Jaringan bermasalah, silakan coba lagi." Wth..
Recently, I can't see product list if I browse it under category section. Blank page is shown after the click. I've updated to the latest version(2.59.20),clear the cache and re login, but the error still persist. I've switched to various network but it doesn't make any changes. I'll update this review once this issue is fixed. I love this app, but this issue is kinda annoying..
Very easy ,good to use this aplication.
I'm very disappointed, this is my go to app when I want to shop online. But the app become so slow, and freezes after minute. I don't know what's wrong! I have stable connection, newest updated version, large storage space, I even regularly deleted the cache app. I hope you guys fix this and delete the useless features, it makes the app too heavy. Thanks.
Shopping is easier with this apps.
I can't send any message to any vendor. When I try to log out and re-log in, I can't log in. The app says because of connection problem, despite my excelent wifi connection. Please fix it ASAP..
Easy to use and lots of benefits from voucher or free shipping fee. There are a lot of products, payment and shipping choice. The only flaw that im not comfortable, is notification that too much. But its still fine anyway..
Easy to use, helpfull banget. tingkatkan teruss.
Good apps, easy to use, helpful.
Recommended, especially if there are some free ongkir. Take it and buy something at shopee.
Sorry Shopee I only give you 4 stars since these few days I couldn't log in, send and receive texts in chat. I tried to log in but it always says that there's no connection while my Wi-Fi working so good even for streaming. I even restart my mobile, deleted the app then downloaded n installed it again but not working. I was using my phone number to log in with my account but not work. With Google/ email but not work also. What to do???? I even couldn't log in into my own account.
Safe transaction and reliable....
Good product! , but not sure this product also original..
Always connection timeout.
Good Respond & quick service.
**Please take a note!** The apps might experiencing some major software bugs issue which will damage your device. I recently experiencing my device keeps rebooting and only can functioning if you enter the Recovery Mode. This happens everytime I try to open Shopee Apps. I am using Samsung Galaxy S20. Use the apps at your own risk! Too bad, they have a good business but did not supported at all by their platform. The apps overall is always the worst performance compare to the competition..
easy to use a lot of products and disount.
I dont understand why shopee keeps asking for an update like once in every two weeks. Yet nothing significant changes ever happened. All I notice is that when I can't open a chat or listings than that means it again needs to be updated.
bad sever host... sometimes need vpn to open.. loading mulu.
Unfortunately, I have to edit my review. Everytime there's new update version, it becomes more laggy. Data usage also VERY HEAVY guys, you can check on your phone settings, its used 1GB for mine until I have to cleas cache and storage for the app. Shopee must send lot of content and track every user movement on the app. Version 2.58.11 is very troublesome. Search result load endlessly, cart, and everything is very laggy. Waste of time..
very useful app, but this day i can't even refresh the page. is it error or something? all i can see is the black pages everytime i click cart or notification button. please help, thank you..
I can't log in using either all of my phones or web!!!! I've been using Shopee for years. Please fix this, its so frustrating and i don't even understand why. The cs account on Twitter isn't helping either. Oh and for addition, I've cleared the cache and forced stop and reinstalled and restarted my phone so it's all on you. Thank you..
makes life easier, my favorite shopping app by far 😍😍😍.
Great deal Lots of promo day and free delivery.
super laggy and slow. i have to refresh the app thousand times to actually checkout my shopping cart. everytime i search for an item, it doesn't show on the screen and i only get white blank screen, and usually it will stay like that unless i refresh it until it shows up, and it takes many refreshes. the UI is bad. many things pops up on the screen and honestly it bothers my shopping experience. and the filter function doesn't work properly..
Nice online shopping apps, especially for items from China.
Hopefully the free coin value is goes up in drop..
Very useful e-commerce in the world.
after updated it becomes very slow, when I want to see images of product variations other shop, the image error certainly doesn't appear, when i upload my product is very slow, especially when i want to fill in the product brand even i make sure my internet connection. I read ur suggestions about clear cache but it's doesn't work. Actually it's really bother me as a buyer or a seller. And it's just waste my phone's memory..
Good application and easy to learn.
The best shopping application.
still a great marketplace, i always go here every time i search for stuff to buy online. but the app is so heavy, and lagged numerous times. it's to the point that i need to keep uninstall and reinstall each time i need to shop otherwise my phone won't be able to work properly. please work on that, and keep up the good work on being trusted..
Shopee Mall is safe, super easy, and amazing!.
Shopee just want to be number 1 indonesia store! The one who is selling the items have to make it lower price and they might need more money and I don't rlly like that so I rate only 2 stars but the app is very good.
Your app too slow to operate. Sometimes i got lag. And menu to clear our shop chart too rigid, it has to be deleted one by one. I HOPE SHOPEE CREATE MENU THAT CAN ERASE ALL STUFFS ON OUT SHOP CHART. As like as the green app that could do that stuffs..
Verry easy to buy something, secure n efficient.
Good and great place for online shoping .thanks.
nice, a lot of great promo and voucher.
Why I try to give feedbacks and the apps crash??.
Everything is easy to looking for because of shopee.
Suddely cant login into shopee apps using android , and it keep showing connection problem. , my wifi is stable and i can open and search product in the shopee normally . Already try to uninstall and clear the cache but not helping . Please need solution for this . I see the previous comment and look like im not the only one having this issue.
Unable to Search , i dont know why shoppe like this , last time so easy use this app , if i will to search store its blank ! So bad ! Always update for this version but its not working . Please help.
Kenapa selalu force close....hp ram 2 gb..tolong di perkecil ukuran apps nya.
Good aplication. Always had an innovation..
Good app and easy for shopping.
Sorry shopee for giving you one star. I used to be comfortable with your app, but now I found difficulties when I want to login the app.I put right username and pasword but, still it cannot be accesed. I change my password yet it doesnt work. I tried again and again and still the same. How it comes? I cant check my orders that I have paid. So sorry 😣.
Being a new seller, I find it difficult to edit the BRAND. It may make my Android stop working (freezing). I have reported the issues , and the team gave me some instructions, but the instructions do not help or work to solve the problem. Another serious issue is about COD system. Being a new seller, by the first time I managed my items, all items are automatically set to be sold on the COD payment system. Then, turning off the COD payment system, my items are still displayed as COD.
Sorry for the star. I have been use shopee for long time. But, the bugs is very very annoying. Actually this apps is easy to use and various product available, also free delivery and many other promos. But when you use it for long time for finding product without close the apps. The bugs kinda annoying. The interface response was slow and sometime become freez. Please fix it. i love to use shopee but if you cannot develope your apps, your user will just go to other apps..
Too much waste of data and too big size app.
User friendly apps, good service and trust reseller.
I do love shopping on shopee, but I really hate the apps because sometimes when I open the stores, it tooks very long time to show the pictures. I log out and log in again, but it still happened. I check my internet connection and my connection was very good. Please do fix the apps asap. I prefer other e commerce apps if shopee still like this.
Need to improve seller - buyer relation. Customer service. Security..
Love this app when it gives an pay later options, but when it cames a pandemic it gone and don't know when to return.. please make it happen again because pay later is very useful...
Has been using shopee for awhile, and i love the featurrs. but recently the bugs getting worse. Often the voucher cannot be found, or unable to log in for some reason. When I chat to the customer service, all they tell me is to clear cache and reinstall the application without further investigate the issue. Hopefully the team can give better customer sevice and fix these bugs.
Login problem. Solved. Thanks for that. But i still have one minor problem, that i can't see shopeepaylater. When i tap shopeepaylater, it went white blank with orange arrow at top left of the screen that i can't click. I can use return home button on my phone. And yes. I already try every thing such as delete cache and update to this latest version. But interestingly i can tap shopeepaylater from another phone. So if i want to pay with shopeepaylater, i must borrow or buy another phone😂.
Really helpful and very responsive application, customer service is also very friendly if there are difficulties that we do not understand. Thank you shopee~.
After updating the apps, I cannot login to my account, it says jaringan bermasalah, silakan coba lagi. While my friend, connected to the same wifi as my phone, can login and use the apps, and always shopee customer service said to check the internet connection and asked me to update and use the latest version... that was not solution, just throw it back to customer and you did nothing... and now my account was deactivated, perfect goodbye for you shopee, what a shame....
Overall it's a good online shopping app that I always use. But it's always lagging when I browse for a long time, so it has to be refreshed for 1-2 times before it can work again. Hope it can be fixed cuz it's been bothering me since the first day I installed this app (which already 1-2 years)..
Its practical to buy things & relievable.
as a way of life that kept growing by day this tools make it a bit easier thank you..
Unfotunately, I have to change my review stars. It's so bad experienced after I update the app. I got stuck on display image that cannot be opened. It always error. I have clear the cache, log out, or even reinstall. But it still not working at all! Please to fix it soon..
I used to buy stuff via shopee but now I notice that there are so many bugs. I know the interface is awfully cluttered and confusing to use. But the bug is what puts me off. The latest one is that I keep getting wrong PIN error message even though I already type the correct one..
Easy and simple to used it..
Nice app..selling cheap items...morè xtra free shipping...thanx!!.
good service and easy for using app.
Nice shopping app and easy to use.
Now, it has plenty of bugs in my device which still running android kitkat. There are many games that i cannot open. And the worst thing that i hate, it cannot load or display any images when i go search to find a product. Don't tell me to upgrade my device, this app should be support with more OS range. Thanks.
It's so painful for the big size app. Why didn't you permit us to access web only to view some purchase?.
Why the app FREEZES ALL THE TIME. I have stable connection and i did clear my cache. And i have no problem with my phone. It's frustrating. when i tried to click things it doesn't respond. and also you have too much things that unnecessary and it makes the app too heavy. PLS FIX THANKS..
Enjoy shopping here. Many advantages.
I love this app, it is my most favorite online shop app. I don't understand why it's getting so many bad ratings, based on my own experience it is an amazing app. It works perfectly, I never got any issue with it. Paying for orders can be done with many options, which is awesome. I can always find things that I need here in this app and there are so many item options to choose starting from the most affordable prices. Thank you shopee!.
Really nice shopping apps, thank you.
tolong perbaiki live tracking gosend/grab send agar bisa lgsung klik link dr shopee kyk tetangga Ijo sebelah.
Much Bug, 1. I can't access my loyalty bonus, 2. Also Blank page when play shopee game, 3. Can't access many fiture (unlimited buffering lol).
makes shopping easier!⭐.
Recommended online shop I ever had!.
can find items that we need at home easily this is very helpful Big thanks shopee.
Good app..l find many thing with low price.
My account suddenly logged out, then I realized that I'm not updated the latest version yet, so I update it rightaway, after that I tried again to log in and input my username and password correctly but it kept saying that "wrong password/username" it also said that thr system has some trouble. WHAT SHOULD I DO SHOPEE ANSWER ME! I'VE GOT ALL MY CUSTOMER'S TRANSACTION ON GOING 😭😭😭😭.
Great apss to buy online these days..
I can't handle it anymore, this app is really slow like I opened it from 10 years old device and also way toooo many useless feature (for me). I always use the website version as much as I can but heck there's no shopee pay feature on website so this is really suck, always force us to use the app version... Reviewing this isn't helping & will be ignored too so why bother to install it.
Easy to use, but crash sometimes.
Good apps, user friendly..
It was good choice of you guys to delete your new feature on one of your game. I feel satisfied because you did a good job at my complain. As for me, i guess your app are the most user-friendly. Keep it up 🌻.
I've updated the newest version. Unfortunately, the app's performance doesn't get better. It works very slow and sometimes it even doesn't show anything once I type some stuff which I search for. My space of RAM, internal and external storage are plenty. My wifi and mobile network work very well. Please fix the app. Thank you..
I've been using shopee for years and for the beginning this app went smoothly but now when i used it too much the app crash and the screen went blank. Also this app is too heavy because it contains useless feature and its annoying everytime i open it sometimes it goes so slowly. Please fix this asap and making it more simple for us to shop here..
a great online shop marketplace with lots of feature and many free shipping promotion. but it takes too much time to load the content or items ..
This app consume a lot of battery. When I close this app, it still continuously running in the background and wont stop until I stopped it mannually from the app setting . What this app doing in the background?.
Very well app to spend my money i ve earned for so long in just few months during quarantine, haha 😂.
I bought many through this application Great job shopee and keep the promos coming ♡.
I've turn off all the unnecessary notifications from the app, but why do i keep getting it?? I only set my notifications to chats and order updates.
Good aplication but this no Gratis ongkir only have discon :'(.
easy to use and very usable :).
It's convenient and enjoyable app to shop. Shoppee always update its app, therefore it can run smoothly. Keep ur service and quality..
Can you fix the UI for sorting item? the interface is soo frustating because it's not responding. Clicking sorting button is not doing anything almost everytime. Using latest updated app from playstore. Already clear app cache and phone cache on freshly installed Samsung Galaxy S10. Using 200 Mbps wifi connection with < 20ms response to local and international. So can u tell me that the problem is on my end? Don't make me laugh replying using generic response please :).
I like using this app to shop, but its always went slow whenever i tried to checkout or even just preview my shopping cart. Its frustating. And this app always need to be updated and it spent big memory capacity 🙄😶.
Shopee is the only e-commerce that I feel the most comfortable with! I love their UI which I find very interesting and very easy to use. The good thing is: they also have this cute game called Shopee Candy and I cannot get enough of it. Other than that, I also enjoy my shopping experience in Shopee rather than going to the mall especially during this kind of time. Keep up the good work, Shopee! 🎀.
Why cant i delete my credit card data? I already contact the help center, but not really helpful. I tried to clean the cache on application, data, logged out from app and login back. but still i couldnt delete my cc data. Why? Help me please. When i chat with one of your customer service, she leave the chat first instead of me. What a bad service center!!.
Easy use and a lot of promo.
Im feels happy as always when im checked out the things from this app, cause of this always gave me free for fee of tf.
Packing good and satisfied.
I had an account problem. It has not been clear yet till now. I got bad services, almost no responses in DM or email (except auto reply), and no solutions from shopee. So, how can the problem be solved and app user be satisfied? Just said "sorry" in public will not clear the problem..
Very Good. Lot of discount..
I always feel satisfied to shop in shopee.. Everything you need is there and free shipping...
I just downloaded a day ago and it was freezing, laggy and heat up my phone's temperature. And now it just notifies me to update again :( It was my best platform experience. Wht happens now.
I never thought that activating the shopee pay later was so easy.. I don't know if I will use it or not.. Anyway, this is a great app for shopping, eventhough at times you can find it running a bit slowly.. But I love the games they have in here, wish there could be more of it.. 😁.
Great shopping app with many discounts.
Find all item easily.
After updated i can't login, my internet is good because i can login using Firefox mobile, i can login to Tokopedia app and i can reinstall the app from play store. After reinstalled the app error on homepage. Edit: I can reinstall the app from playstore, can login via firefox mobile, and login to Tokopedia app so my internet is not the problem. Edit: after updated to latest version error occurred "Ups, halaman sedang dalam perbaikan. Mohon tunggu sebentar"..
This is a useful app for me especially. I can literally search anything i need and purchase it easily. I like the COD methode, really helpful. Thanks..
Since right before the latest update, i can NOT send any chat to any vendors. Heck, it kept saying "connecting" and that all chat will be translated to english despite the vendor being Indonesian just like me! I tried logging out and now i CAN'T log back in becauae "connection problem" despite my excellent wi-fi! FIX THE DAMN APP!.
Super easy many cashback, i like it.
Good ecommerce..love it very much.
update ver from July is the worst shopee ever. it became laggy, slow, and i cant upload product there lmao what a trash app. please dont ask me about clear the cache, internet connection and so on. there's nothing wrong with my phone, the trouble is in your app!! FIX IT. PLS NOTE THE TROUBLES ARE FROM YOUR APP NOT FROM USER'S PHONES/INTERNET CONNECTION.
I give 1 star to be noticed.. What is the function of the Tab bar Feed, Shopee live, Notification, if you put everything in Home..??????!!!!!!!!! The Home Tab bar right now makes it difficult for me and my colleagues to search items to shop and explores items at Home, please consider my comments..
I've been using shopee and addicted to it. It is easy to use once you know how it works. So many features means so much fun for me haha.
June 2020, when I'm browsing product on shopee apps for long time, the interface response are sooo laggy, I have to press some button more than 2 times. But after updating to latest version (July 2020) the interface response are much better than before (I wish it'll stay like this or even much better and better and better, then maybe I'll come back to give 5 star). I wish I could get more affordable products on 7.7 and more extra ongkir, even I'm not checkout using shopee pay as payment method..
CS enggagement and handling problems is so bad! I have raised 3 times for 1 problem and it has not solved yet (until now) for 3 weeks already ! The response time is less than 1x24 hour (which in other marketpalce <15 minutes) and the resolution time is never been solved (3 weeks now) so becarefull when you shop here as they are not peotecting us as buyer though I'm their platinum customer !!! The goods never received as of now with the amount almost Idr 1,900,000 that has been paid by Shopee Pay.
worst app i've ever tryed to use, too much information and not at all user friendly. the search bar doesn't show you the item you're searching for but displays totally different items than you write in. the designers should be replaced with people who actuall know how to design a useable site. can't say even one goo thig about this horrible app. in the play store there are many shopee apps displayed but i can't find the one for Indonesia.only the Phillipean one. can't change to English either.
Too laggy, not because my connection nor my memory space (they're doing fine). Some access points can't work when i click on it, it just so often loads and takes time and then failed to access, quite repetitive. When u open the app, the app's operating slow as if your internet connection is down (in fact it's just doing very fine when you do some browsing or IG or watching YouTube.) *many worth cut prizes they offer, that's good.
It's drive me nuts. So sorry for giving one star. I can't logged to my account when I need to see the store name that I kept on my favorites list. I lost everything I kept on my account. I already reinstall and install again but after become very very slow. So really frustrating and disappointed..
Good quality of products Apps easy for user.
Most all of products is good, but in my opinion...some of delivery cost is much more expensives than others application.
Nice apps and very usefull for all item.
awesome market place, and the price is so cheap with good quality products..
One stop shopping for every single needs.
The account log in for Facebook is broken.
I've been using this app for a long time. And I accidentally uninstalled this app, when I download it again I couldn't log in to my account. What happened? I already restart my phone but it didn't help much..
For seller layout apps, has been many bad changes : - we cant track the order, previously we can track easily - too big fonts aps - for new order will be seen in below not above as previously, we should set and filter first - in order variation cant see the different images variation as prevouisly, recently we just see diffrent name variation order - bad for seller, i prefer like previously apps than now.
ugh, I hate to say this, even though shopee has been my go to marketplace, but the app has been having so much problem. it is slow, and freezes so many times, heats my phone in no time and drains the battery. hope they can fix this issue asap..
The app is good. It' quite user friendly. I prefer to use shopee rather than another app. But, because of the large size, my phone often jams..
So sorry for the star. But the bugs is just too annoying. I've been using shopee for a long time. Actually this apps is easy to use and varied products .But when u use it for long time without close the apps, the bugs getting more annoying. The interface response getting slower and sometimes freezing. Not gonna lie, if u still can't fix it ASAP, slowly but sure your user will just go to other apps. If the new updates can have less bugs &then ofc i'll give u more stars(latest update & I use WIFI).
Apa aja bagus, kecuali bagian isi pulsa. Udah berapa kali saya salah nomor tujuan. Tolong untuk halaman isi pulsa dtg2 jgn langsung kolom nomor hpnya udah diisi dong. Kosongin aja! It's all great except for the airtime reload part. I can't even remember how many times i''ve reloaded airtime for the wrong number. Please just leave the number blank when we get to the page. Just leave suggestions. Nobody only uses 1 number, and even if some do, people still have friends and family..
Easy to use app, only sometimes lag in updating the field. So far so good. I always use this platform for doing online shopping. The minus part is I dont know whether the data is leak or not but I keep receiving spam messages from unknown numbers, claiming they are from shopee..
Edited. From 5 stars to 1. Imagine how big my disappointing is. 7 Days complaining and their answer was dull. Check your wifi. Check your gadget. Etc. I told them so many times, CHECK YOUR APP!! Wifi, data, gadget, apapun ragamnya kalau sudah log out mau login lagi kaga bisa Bro! Check ini sudah 2 minggu sejak laporanku.
Easy apps and easy to use.
I can find many products with variation prize and discount here. Thank you.
Simply and reliable..
Good app & easy to use.
I can no longer search for product inside a shop. It just shows blank page. Category not working too. So I need to scroll all the way pass all the products in that shop until I found what I need. Already update app, clear cache etc. Please fix!.
there are too many bugs, the app freezes too many times. when i check the connection it's just fine. this used to be my favorite shopping platform, but idk anymore. this app sometimes took buffering so long meanwhile the connection is okay. i hope you fix this problem..
Good app.. Make shopping easier.
The best online shopping app i've ever known!.
This app is so helpful for buying our daily stuff. I really highly recommend this app. And have a dream can work in this company :) Thank you shopee for bringing back my trust to online shopping.
Heavy and the most lagging online shop app!.
No need to walking around at the mall just find out what u need in here,so far i like shopee..please give us more often discount and voucher.
User friendly, good price..
User interface really confuse me. Very difficult to read the information. And then recently shopee has a new hobby, to block or to freeze user account. The reason why shopee block is not clear, even the user not make any mistake. Users that blocked can't access their account. So be careful shopee users..
The heck?! I'm literally trying to pay something here but it seems like whenever i want to proceed to the payment using my shoppee pay it suddenly only shows a blank screen in which is supposed to ask for my pin. Don't tell me to have the latest ver. and a stable connection because i have both..
Informative and reliable apps..
Good app for shop, various option.
Please make shopee lite version, it lagged so much and getting worse in every update. I just want to shop freely not to see stories or other useless things. And I hate it that only the shopee pay user got so much benefit like the free shipping charges. I used to like shopee but recently it just make me fed up every time I attempted to shop at shopee!!!!.
I posted a review several months ago about how complicated the user interface,specifically about the 'favorite' or 'wishlist' feature (very important one). It must be placed on the first page instead of putting it on another page which requires several clickings and scrollings. The worst part was the customer service reply, he/she replied with explanation about where i could find the wishlist?!?!?! Please read carefully to the feedback before replying so you can improve your application.
Recently the bug is so annoying. Phone is getting hotter when browsing too long. Need more improvement on this aspect. But overall, I enjoy my shopping experience with the app. Although you have to spend time to search for the right seller so you won't be scammed. But yeah, the app worths the 5 stars..
Interesting shopping apps for Indonesians, mostly for competitive pricing and lots of deals on regular basis. You can buy stuff directly from china trough this apps with various options and mostly cheaper..
I had my doubt but it is no longer the case! I am a happy user and customer 🙏🏻.
This app is getting more not make any sense... It takes a lot of space, can't be moved to sdcard, really slow, low discount Fix it, otherwise soon people will dump this app.
Love it so much... shopping now easier.
Very useful for shopping.
Xxtxtentacion Xbox look for the next few years back to you in a new window will to be the first same as day to you in a new window to rear the UK best price for a your business email is to provide get a chance for of my a few minutes to get to see Wattage Qatar to be the first to add to shortlist for your help time and of a wide range from you and I was wondering if with work within a couple more days ago and the surrounding areas that I am not a lot worse and the surrounding areas that I the o.
So far, it's best ecommerce. The products, price, discount, promo, cashback, etc..delivered properly. The display made us comfortably shopping. The app is a bit heavy to open. It provides games as well that can be enjoyed by some people. The app always improving to ease both buyer & seller. (It's great 👍👍).
great app, now problem error code 22.
Easy to use. Very useful. Thanks.
There is should be win win solution in COD system, the COD system make a seller lose a lots of things, especially times. When Shopee and JNT just think if resore the package to seller there is no profit loss from seller is BIG WRONG, of course its just not only that, as a seller we loss the packaging cost an of course TIMES, TIME IS MONEY BRO..
Easy to use..welldone shopee.
A lot of lag on this app. Please fix it immediately, it is really annoying to wait on every click.
Very good price and so many choices 👌.
After using the app for years now, here's my review: over the years shopee has tried to pack a lot more features in the app that none other app has but the consequences are the app feels heavy, or lagging I should say especially if you stay for a long period of time, also it consumes so much memory when used. Edit: di versi terbaru ini gambar pilihan jenis produk di halaman produk jd ga bs kelihatan pdhl sblmnya bisa. Thank you, semoga membantu.
Easy way for shopping... You still do something even from home 😊.
User-friendly, great application.
bad ui. and bad service. i tried to log in but everytime i enter the verification code, there's always says "belum memiliki akun? daftar sekarang" *update the problem has been fixed. but i still dont like the ui😂.
:( i just updated it since it forced me to when i need to pay with shopee pay at a resto. BUT. . That update led this app to be slower and i never can search any item in shops. Nor i can open the folders in category search. Its just super tiring to check them one by one. Can you please fix it? Uh oh and i tried to reinstall it twice already. Still the same..
Change it to 1. It took a long time for the pictures to show up. I only got blank white screen, and it's getting annoying these days. Make your UI simpler and faster to load, or else I can't help but moving onto other e-commerce..
Paylater good (^o^)/ amat sangat membantu.. semoga bisa naik limit lagi since payment sy always on track ...
The best online shopping app !!.
Great app. Very easy to use and there are many low cost product with high quality 😃. Also, this app help me while I need to make a gift for my friends or colleagues. Without need to visit the shop, I'll get many things that I want with one click..
Awesome Apps With Awesome Treatment .. Thank You.
It's a good marketplace as long as i using it for buying various item. Very competitive prices with many seller around asia. But you need to be very carefull, not all seller are responsible for what they are selling. I' ve experience my self in buying of an hdd from another country, seems it from china market. And what i get is a fake hdd. After chat with the seller, It's end with my money cut over disscusion for many day in complaining.
easier ,user friendly, quick response.
Its very satisfied shopping at shopee, love it ❤.
Just loooooove this app^^ If you see some people talk abt "lag" "slow" or "not responding" things, it could be their storage device didn't have enough space etc. Actually, that case really does happen on every apps tho.
Merdeka sale update make seller can't upload the brand of their items. Too bad, the old version was better. And shopee chat agent can not find the problem either, they said the system is okay, but it is NOT. Oh, and this app can't give notification unless you opened it first..
It is easy to shop anything in shoppe.
So easy to use, and so helpfull.
the app's been very laggy and slow recently, must refresh hundreds of times for shopping cart, delivery status, etc, tried re-installing, now I'm stuck trying to just login, i got one order on progress and now i don't know how to check it..
TBH the UI is soooo lagging, the product's image thumbnail is take so much time to show and the app sometimes stuck and freezing so I must close the app and reopen it again and it's so annoying.
This app has become a complete joke. Chat support centre won't help u at all ,keep let you wait forever and never come back with a proper answer. Shame on shoppee!.
Thank you Shopee. Recommended aplikasi lah pokoknya ..
Easy to shop and payment.
I was amazed to this app. Thanks Shopee!.
after updating the newest version, opening shopee became very slow and several times in the middle of playing games suddenly lag and can't going through the game 😤😤😤😤 very annoying that you have to wait for another 3 hours to play another round! 😭.
please fix the application because it is very slow.
So slow apps. Every week need update. Even has updated. The app still lagging..
Shopee very very helpful fulfilling my need.
ShopeePay is impossible to use when the mobile signal is not strong. "Tap to activate".Need better effort on focusing on logging in and ShopeePay. Not loading lots and lots of pop ups and ads. Pretty useless unless u r around wi fi ALL THE TIME!! Failed to load twice when using it on Superindo LG..
I always looking for nice item in this app. Hard to shopping because this app too heavy. I always clean cache and trash on my phone. In the result, it's always same. So many crash and force close suddenly. Please fix this. This app is my favourite but like ughhh so pathetic.....
Brilliant as it is in english also.
It is helpful for looking for products that I look for and needed. Free delivery fee is really nice. Lots of option for same product.
I've never used this app, I've heard that the things here are cheap and all that but honestly their ads are everywhere and it's really becoming annoying to the point that I've developed indescribably huge hostile emotions towards this app. Very cheesy. Childish. Ugh..
Good app. And getting better...
I like to buy things at shopee...lots of discounts.
Sometimes it is slow.
Recommended app, but still need improving.
Drive me NUTS. this app is soooo buggy. cannot explain how much i got so annoyed with this app especially when i put too much effort in it and ended up missing the file because of the bug. ffs, hire a new professional to fix the app. they have enough money to invite kpop idols for livestream, but they don't have enough money to fix their app.... just saying 😍😍.
Very bad so bad very bad i don't this app so bad, whya I can't log in? And what? The account must different? How can? I've just one number one email so bye poor shoppee i use you for many years later and it will be end i'm so disappointed to use this app. Hey look there's so many bad comments right? So guys you don't have to use this app if you lose your app you're end you can't log in again..
Loveee this app so much! Im sure it also helps people to shop undirectly with full of trust🖤 I never dissapoint with any stuff i bought from this apps. The more i purchase the more i love and trust ill give. It gives a lot of facilities that we going to like and enjoy to shop here. Lots of vouchers and coupons, promos, n the fiture isnt complicating. And now they want to promote their shopeepay fitures by giving discount everytime we use this futures to pay both on or offline. Love🖤🖤.
For sure, this app need to improve the quality of customer service system. If you have a problem with your transaction, it gonna be nightmare....
Well..this application is really great! But when i put email, it just declined I hope u could fix the app..thank you.
Semua barang yg sy Neri rata2 sesuai gambar. Keep it up ya shopee ...👍.
I am really love with this online shopping application. Hope there are no problems in the future, even if there are problems please solve it quickly. I have no complaint right now. Hope Shopee getting better and better..
Very Very Love You Shopeeeeeee The best shop app I ever have!!!! From the cheapest thing until the expensive one is available in here, and the shops not only local shop but they have China's shop too so you can have the cheapest thing in here. And the admission very helpful when tou get trouble with the shopper. Very recommend shopping application!!!!.
Always gives an easy way to shop.
Like this, interface mudah dan responsif.
Easy to use and secured.
After I cleared my data I couldn't login to my account anymore from phone. I uninstalled it and installed it again but still the same..
love this app! very help to shopping.
Amazing price and good quality..
Reasonable price with good product and services.
getting laggy and laggy more often than before. I had to close and reopen the apps few times only to browse an item. had cleared the cache with no help at all to improve the speed. Please repair your apps, its sucks!!.
Too many bugs. Pls fix it..
Nice aplication and easy to get our wants.
Banned permanently only because of open at emulator.. That is a joke... My phone eMMC was broken and I need buy something from Shopee but suddenly get banned permanent without clear reason until I googling many people also got same problem get ban after using emulator.
Easy to use Lengkap toko dan jualan produknya Secure dan trusted The best!.
I can't logged into my account. I've done update the app, uninstalled and installed again, restart my phone, clear the cache, i did all of them many times. But still, it didn't works. I need a help because i want to buy something on shopee.
Awesome application.. easy use.. simple.. popular...
The apps super slow, at first i think its because of my internet connection, but when i try browsing, there's nothing wrong with the internet..
Can't log in the new version after installing the app. it said the connection is poor. But i have checked that it was fine 3G and four bars. Then i dm ed through ig, and they dont even bother to reply yet. It was like 2 days ago. Pheww.
Complete & user friendly.
I like the apps but it is a little bit slow to operate when you are in the apps after about 30minutes.. a bit laggy.. you have to wait for about 2 or 3 second after you pressed the basket/variety of the items that I want.. but overall, I like shopee.. thank you.. hope to see the improvement about this...
Always be my favorites app for shoping, crazy prizeeee!!!!.
After update the apps i can't see anything on shopee. Only blank space. I often buy products from shopee, so that i feel uncomfortable. Please fix it as soon as possible....
Why is happening? Whenever i search for an item on an account the item doesn't show up, it stay blank like theres no item at all. I used to really loved shopee buy this serius problem makes me hard to use shopee when i buy a thing. Fix this asap!!!.
A Useful and innovative application.Good..
I used to love this app and having a good time scrolling through your app but it's getting slower and super laggy... I thought my internet connection was the culprit but no, it's your app. So now I rarely open Shopee...
Great market place to shop. Lots of product choices. Cool. Fast delivery.
usable, but could be much, much better. buggy, unresponding, and major slow down very often. hopefully there would be some lite version focused on its marketplace feature, no stupid minigames, and pop ups..
Good application but slow moving.
Good, easy, fair Online Shop.
I become addicted to shopping, since it easier to find what you need and just put it in your cart. 😂 The fun part is I love games, and Shopee has many games. I wish the free token up to 10, so I can play longer. 😩.
Good aps and easy to use....
Easy to use and Sell.
CS who cannot help you, non existant support, super slow on cell network. Top up takes 2-5 business days. What a joke. What use is an e-wallet if you can't top up right away?.
Login using FB account, for some reason i uninstall it. When i re-install it, all my account info/data never recovered. Really disappointed. Edit : Apparently, the app automatically change my account from using FB account to using my phone number (that i put in my FB account) as account. If having the same account problem, try to make new account using the same phone number that u use/put in your old account. System will automatically detect it and allow u to login to your old account.
Never ending blank pages!!!.
I enjoyed using this app specially for groceries shopping during the pandemic until one day I encountered app errors resulting me getting my 1-month-worth of frozen food spoiled and wasted because the app didn't send a single notification to my account. Neither the seller (agfrozen) or the courier took responsibility for not notifying as well. CS was not much of a help because they always leave your chat while you're still TYPING (they won't wait even for 30 seconds.).
The application becoming slower and heavier. I think it's because you add too many unnecessary stuff for online shopping in it. Please make it simple like it used to be.
Too many discount with terms and conditions. Still need fixed when payment method..
Sorry, I give 2 stars, honestly I want to give just 1, but I give appreciate because the app is easy to use and very helpful. The most disturbing me is the advertising which pop up in some other apps which taking too much time for me, and sometimes it can't be skipped, eventhough I have this shopee app in my smarthphone. It's very annoying. Is there any system that you can use to identify that the phone is already installed the app, so the pop up advertising not appear anymore..
Great app for shopping.
Platform is easy to use. Very use friendly for a house mom like me. I found many things that I need for the kids, for the house, for gardening. Everything is here on Shoppee. Great!.
An update for another level of being lagging.. So sorry, it's not because the network nor the free memory, or clearing cache, this app just getting hard to open. And ohh, 300k min to get free delivery, that's too much..
Gold but should have more cod option.
It worse after an update.. The apps lagging so much... It take too long to load anything... My connection is good because i can watch youtube just fine.. So sorry to give one star for now... You should fix this soon... It's annoying....
Since August 6, since saw notification any bugs matter, my application was an error up to this time. Able to see the interface but close suddenly, repeatedly. Already uninstalled and installed again but still unworkable,. Assist me please..
setelah diupdate makin lemot. please fix it kak! thnks..
I have no problem using the app so far and feel quite satisfied with all the products I bought from the vendors..
Really good for shopping,,but I need more payment method. Such as when i have some cashes in shopeepay,,, but not enough for paying the bills fully,,,i can add another method (shopee paylater /banking) for paying the left bill.
Good apps e commere to find what u want .....
Really love Shopee, especially for the free shipping and cashback. However, the cashback is not as much as it used to be. And sometimes the app runs very slow, so i have to restart it..
Verry laggy after browsing more than 20-30mins in the app (i have strong wifi and latest phone), i don't think the video review is necessary, it just makes shoppee more heavy. The search engine doesn't work well..
Best ever... Free shipping everyday.....
Sebaiknya pihak shopee perlu update lagi.
My favorite online shopping app so far!.
Why cannot filter?...bad application! Always have problems in filtering products in a shop!! Fix this damn issue!.
LAGGY LAGGY LAGGY! And the promo is not as good as it used to be. I've been using your services for years now ever since you launched in my country but I'm just super disappointed now..
The apps always failed me. So slow, stop working, laggy, sometimes you cannot find items available in web version. The shopping experience also bad, i dont know how they rate, sort, curated the seller but i never have nice experince with seller.
It has many annoying bugs, and it frequently blanks when it loads many images of products and i have to reopen for the searched products from the beginning. Please improve the performance.
Can't using wifi in xiaomi redmi 9. When i try login itu showing up "network failure". Normal in cellular mode..
Please go back to the way Shopee is, isn't this a Shopping App? Why does it turned into a Social Media App?? It cause Lags nor Crashes to happen, it's not late to turn back now!.
I tried to log in to my account but it keep says "connection problem" which I don't have connection problem. It sucks, I have on going purchase and remaining shopeepay and now I can't do anything about it.
Same as lots of other users, cant login said 'jaringan bermasalah, try again' and keep refusing login.. Is it because i still use old android version lollipop? My husband use newer nougat android, can use the apps well.. Please fix the apps cause i wanna buy some stuff.
The most popular market place on the internet. Easy to use and understand. I think most of the population in Indonesia use this app to buy things the don't need *cough, I mean everything you can find on Shopee unlike on another market place..
Cant proceed to payment verification, eventhough my email and phone number is still active. Shame..
very helpfull for online shopping.
my account got deactivated, but when i asked the costumer service to activated it they say they will email it and up until now i got no email and i still cant freakin use it thx to that crappy service really need to work on the costumer service they are trash freakin useless.
Thank you Shopee, so far you're the Best, compared to the others :).
Easy using and high quality.
One star for bugs that keeps coming. And WORST Customer Service ever! When we contact customer support, we highly expect your help, not because we couldn't read your general suggestion! This is really the first time I sent email to customer support to complain about their customer support chat. You know what they replied "you can contact customer support through other mechanisms" Worst!.
makin update makin banyak bug dan error (pocophone f1).
After update I can not upload product from instagram, it's said "mohon tidak upload lebih dari 1*1 pixel" what the hell, before this I used to upload my product through instagram and there is no problem, bring back the old version!!.
Good system, young user friendly.
I can't log for the last 1 week. It mentioned connection problems... have restart the mobilephone , clean all the history and datas... I'm using WiFi and my other apps has no problem with the connection....
i think the app management is great.. but technically the app run so badly because always suddenly force close and ask for restart the app.. I've been uninstalled the app then download again and still do the same. you guys the developer should fix this..
Very reliable! Thank you..
I frequently experience blank product thumbnails and pictures lately both in the app and in browsers. Not my network problem though. This only occur in Shopee. Have updated to latest Shopee app so hopely this issue will be resolved..
Complete and varied items, simple shopping features so it is convenient for shopping.
App keep crashing after update. Showing only blank page and says "oops try again" over and over. My internet connection good. Other apps normal. Only shoppee seems to not connected.
I love the application. Easy to use..
Love this app!!!. It's amazing, cause we can get many things we want..
Worth it e-commerce app for shopping and for seller.
My favorite ecommerce, easy to use, offers many free ongkir vouchers. EDIT, why the apps often freezes after quite some time exploring products? Already update the newest version and pretty sure that my connection is good..
So laggy. It annoys me. Fyi, my internet connection is extremely stable. I open other apps and no problem there. Fix it, please..
Good shopping application!.
cant run normally. when i open list of item i search or from category i'm interested in a store, it can't load at all, so i cant see lists of items. pls fix this..
Awesome Apps and online shop.
This app is a nice way to shopping.
Easy access, many options, many voucher, some games to play with.
This is a slowest shopping app, Chat just connecting .... And doesnt show anything. Sometimes when log out, i cant log in anymore. Its said connection error. But my connection is great fiber optic with 30Mbps dedicated..
Your app is freaking heavy on loading data & image, Android 9 user. Test it using mobile data around 25kbps and 60kbps Can you please make it lighter? Or it just me that running out of luck anyway.
You can find all you want here. Best online shopping.
This is the best shop apps that I have so far.. you can choose so many options starting from the products, ranges, even carriers as well.. for prices of the products.. so far so good. Love for some of the game as well.. completely different from another ol shop...
The newest update is very bad. I cant log in anymore, always the connection is unstable but my connection is stable. The programmer is fail..
After upgrade the item variation picture cant load . Allready uninstall and install again but still same . Its hapening not on 1 store only . Others also same . When it came to the variation choosing the picture is blank.
I don't know what in the world you put in your app after update but it become SO slow. It's very heavy and laggy just to check out and my phone RAM is 6GB with 40GB free space so I don't think my phone is at fault..
Marketplace in Indonesia that provides games and various features vouchers such as free shipping, restaurant food and more coins can be used for payment, love this shopping app.
Do option change phone number with email verification. So dumb must wait 1x24 hours for shopee development confirmation. I need to get back my money. And always send to my old number for verification, i don't even more use that phone number. Do it more efficient and flexible. Why developer don't make option feature for user. I so disappointed to use shopee if still like this..
Have updated the latest version, until uninstall it and re-install it back to check if it works, yes some of the games are able to open, but the rest still unable to open..
Nice application.. & easy use 🥰🥰🥰.
Reliable, especially delivery fee, same with others online app but shopee always give super big discount for delivery fee. Payment method awesome with many options, 1 more thing please keep to all sellers update their stock to make easy to purchase any items.
User friendly, helpfull cuatomer service, good product. Good promo..
Often unable to open some pages or hang. Try again the next day, same problem. Really annoying..
Excellent products quality and value for money. Thank you.
Easy to use, cheap price.
the newest updated shopee app is more and more resource hungry , especially with low end phones, CPU and Memory usage is too high, even when app is hibernating in the background process. For the devs, please optimize and cleanup the app resource code more better.
One problem?! I can not select in detail on the color of the item with the quantity I want. Please be advice..
Good product, service and customer handling.
Please shopee to add features to pay using pulsa,karna pulsa saya tidak pernah kepakai.
It's very frustating to attach a picture using the gallery feature. It's having problem with detecting pictures in phone gallery.
Great.. easy for shopping.
good app for online shopping 👍👍👍.
I feel quite satisfied with this application, it's just that when I rate a product (it claims to give coins) but after I do that, no coins are entered..
I'm very like this shopee.. Buy everything more easily....
So far i was happy shopping here. Nice experience..
Ficing bug to smooth the performance.
Yesterday, i used the app without problem. But this morning, i can't login (even my app crash everytime i open) Probably the last update make my app crash Note : i re-install and the result still same, always crash.
Trouble when logging in. Takes too long to load. And I can't checkout. Smh. Edit: I do have the latest version. And yes my internet connection is stable. Fix your app. 😑.
Wow it's online shopping the best I have been using.
Im sorry to say this, im really disappointed, because this marketplace doesn't care much to buyer, resolution center can't handle problem for short period, im wait almost 1 month for conclusion and until now its still no response...
Love love love! Most favorite marketplace!!! ❤.
Why cant load the images?.
Very helpful applications, wish the apps were more awesome......
Easy to use , lub u shoppe . Thumb up!!!.
Good application , but the mechanism of using voucher when in transaction need to be improved.
Really Satisfied with the service
The app is easy to use. However, products on Shopee are generally cheaper. Another drawback is its own shipping company, Lazada Express (LEX), which is way too slow. You should expect a couple of days delay if the seller uses LEX. There is no option for you to select your preferred shipping company as well. Products on Lazada are also difficult to find. Their search engine is quite poor compared to Shopee. Lastly, beware of counterfeit goods if you are not buying from reputable stores..
The app is great and all but I wish it identifies accounts that aren't used/been logged out for a while like 2 months and so and would permanently terminate these accounts. I have two accounts that I'm not using and I want the system to automatically terminate them..
The app itself is pretty good. But my problem is your way of advertisement. I'm browsing my chrome then it will redirect me to the application itself. And this does happen everyday and every single moment I'm browsing my chrome. This definitely ruins my browsing experience. Just please fix the way you advertise. It's just way too much. It's like your forcing us to use your application even though we don't need to. Uninstalling the application doesn't even solve the problem. PLEASE FIX THIS.
We've been using this app for almost 2 years already so I could say this is one of the best apps for shopping; it's not difficult to use, and the designs were good. I am just a bit disappointed with the new updates because of some errors we faced when messaging the sellers. We already confirmed the items, yet when it loads the confirmation is lost. We are unsure if the product is already on process. Please, read the reviews over here, Lazada. Thank you..
This app is wonderful! Not only does it has a lot of deals, but it's also simple! No complexity, no difficulties, everything is just perfect! The only issues are is that often times some of the events or minigames in them pop up and covers the screen, but overall, this is quite an amazing app! Keep up the good work.
All great but unable to link the existing email address to my phone number (tngo wallet). Never though that it could be a problem because email registration was done ages ago before I decided to register with my mobile phone number..
Good as an online shopping platform. I ordered several times already and all transactions were legit. However, as I was writing a review for a product which I recently purchased, all of a sudden my account seemed to reset like that of a newbie, all my history as well as my wishlist, stores that I followed were all gone. Was there a glitch or something? I checked the version on playstore but mine was up-to-date. How can i restore my account? Thanks in advance. Tried logging in but to no avail..
Major bug! If I go to the "All Products" tab of a Store, it will give me an error "We're sorry. We cannot find any matches for your search term." This is happening to multiple Lazmall Stores and is making us confused into thinking the store is not selling anything when in fact they are..
WOW this new version they manage to make it even WORST. they did make it look better BUT make LOADING time frustrating LONG. Specifically, in the 'flash sale' site. The application keep refreshing and kick you back to the top. It will become frustrated as I always need to go back down, especially if I have already browse through almost at the bottom. Please make it better, not worst. look into this as it have been like this for more than 3 version update. I have to remove 1 more star for this..
In general: Slow, unorganized, doesn't load quite well after the update The app was more organized before the update but it was slower. However, the product page is now super confusing and not intuitive at all. The "review" part of the product just doesn't come up when I click the tap. The "photos" of the product doesn't load neither It is super unorganized compared to many others shopping applications.
I feel that the payment process on 11 Nov is a disaster. When I want to use a new credit card to pay, it keep showing system error. Besides, when I want to check the items in my cart, by clicking into the shop then going back to cart, the cart will start from top item. Imagine if you have more than 100 items in the cart and you want to check the items that piled at the bottom, it will be very tedious to scroll everytime, not mentioned that the loading is not smooth too..
Hate searching for products through this app. I'd rather stick to the web version. Come on lazada. Fix your search algo. If I wanted suggestions I'd ask for suggestions. When I look for an item, show me those items and those items only. Its exhausting enough having to scroll 6 pages to compare between two similar products because there's too much junk in between them. Want me to use your app or not weh?.
Please make the app a bit simple looking. Its just too much going on a single page and its giving me headache to use it. Just remove unessassary ads/information so that it will looks slightly simple. It just too crowded with so many stuff going on a single page. For now i prefee using shopee because its less complicated and much more simple looking app than lazada. Please make the app essier to use. Even my mom having trouble to use it..
It has always been clitchy and slow loading but it was tolreable. But, since the latest update when I place my order it says 'oops something went wrong' ! And I am unable to get to the payment page! Had this problem 6 months ago and now it has happened again !! Constant updates! Used work well....if it ain't broke don't try to fix it !!!.
hi lazada. please do take notes. 1) while im browsing etc website using chrome, there will be a popup n redirect me to lazada apps. its like a virus which i call myself lazavid-20.please fix this. 2) when i want to type a review,upload pict/ videos in ur review section box, there will be a lag in typing a words( 5 seconds for 1 alphabet to be exact)n it will go back to previous menu before im done typing. how am i going to review a product of this happens every single time..😤.
Why I can't play 'shop & match' game? It always state that network is unstable but I can play all other games in Lazada and browse the websites. It has been two days! Please amend it fast. Why one of my friends in LazCity is missing since few days ago?.
I noticed most of the time photos goes off when scrolling for a longer time even refreshing the page doesn't work photos are still off. You have to close the app and open it again and it's very annoying bc you have to go back to the page you just went from. and i can't even upload videos when giving a review. Fix your app guys.
I'm not sure what happened but the app's performance have been chaotic over the past few months. Starting from unable to pay using the bill payment page (due to an error), to the searches not really showing related results, to not being able to search within a store and most importantly to the vouchers that don't apply upon checkouts. Not to mention your very poor customer supports and very slow to crashing performance. What happened Lazada???.
In the future there must absolutely be a monitoring system when the seller was last active in the application besides the number of available items, this system exists in several similar applications, so it makes it easier and faster to send previously delayed items as well as increase the trust and satisfaction of the user, thanks.
1. The app has annoying ads. I'm already a customer, no need for ads. 2. There should be an option for do not call. There are already too many emails and notifications when an item gets delivered. No need to call for delivery. If I order 5 items then there up to 10 phone calls if the items arrive that day. To confirm delivery and upon delivery. Waste of time and not needed since my address is marked as an office address and staff are there to receive Packages..
Poor search experience, write a very specific item but ,the app shows different item , shoppe did much better in searching item then you , shame. very shame , if feels like searching for gold but you get only dirt ,waste my time to check the store one by one just to find what i really want, this app management person, i bet he or she doesn't even install this app ,that why it become suck at the first place , KEEP THIS PROBLEM AND YOU WILL ALWAYS BE NO. 2 !!!!.
i dont really have a problem with your app. i have a problem with the way you use advertising. Its quite annoying while browsing then get a pop up window, then the next thing i know i am being redirected to your app. this happened a lot of times already..
Updating my review from roughly a year ago. The reason why this is not a 5 star review is because of: 1. Heavily personalized searches. Ive noticed that the personalized searches often are not showing the best deals. 2. Cluttered ui. 3. Cracked/illegal software. Being a tech enthusiast it is very frustrating when u see people get scammed and thinking that they bought the product for a better price when the seller just gave them instructions on how to torrent the software. Prices even reach 1kphp.
Lazada, please make a sortable wishlist like Amazon. It's really hard to manage wishlists with 200 items all grouped up together in one very long list. The reason why I have 200 items added to wishlist is because a lot of them are smart home items, which is really specific in use. I want to separate them from my other wants..
It has been a while after i use lazada.... I think 3 years ago? But now... In 2020, it has improved a lot! I picked this one over the other (shoppee). I thought lazada is dead tho. Lol.
App takes time to load. Timer before being able to access the app to shop is lame. Tags doesn't even match the items, imagine im looking for a whale plush i get curtains as result? No matter how you update this part of this app never gave me 100% exact search result. Shopee is way better than this..
EXTREME IMPORTANT CRITICISMS\TEACHES \SHOULD THINK CONSIDER RIGOROUSLY！！！ Ad showing duration shouldn't too short or it shouldn't autos disappearing!!!!! Shouldn't exists chinese character!!!!! Shouldn't changes avatar color when like rating\review awa shouldn't   !!!!! Should goes to profile when press profile image\name!!!!!.
annoying to hv video auto play and no setting to turn off. the search, filter and sort function has to b the worst. i search for "clear tom yum paste", the top result are all ANC earbud... pretty stupid right. when i filter/sort some product goes missing when clearly meet the criteria..
I've been using this app for some years now and I loved it! I have not encountered any problem in using this app for shopping. But, there are times that it usually pops up when I'm using other apps. That's a bit of hassle for me. Overall, it's very useful!.
The worst app ever to cross my phone. I don't understand how people are. Comfortable using this app when you can simple be lost while ordering 1 item, different sellers and different tabs to open and every seller has his own page and the bugs the app have with the confirmation and the Ads.. After all of this.. How Could a person accept buying an item and paying double or maybe triple the item price as a shipping fee.. I ordered 4 items with total 600p and the shipping was 549P....
The app overall design and feel is just fine but their customer service is bad. I have already reported and followed up a concern multiple times about a bug (status mismatch, already delivered but still in To Receive list) in their app 3 months ago but they did not fix it until now.
I used your app twice already, ordering 1 item per transaction and applying the COD mode of payment. But now I can't use it because COD is only applicable for 10,000 worth of items. That's why I deleted this app from my cp. But let me try it again today if I can order the item you are showing in my screen. I hope COD is applicable as the items i like to order will only sum up to 1000 Pph only..
Very easy app to set up and use , and delivery prompt. Ordered Davidoff cool water aftershave 200 mil. 1500 baht approx. Too good to be true. I have used this aftershave for years. This was not the genuine article. The colour of bottle was not even same. It was fake. I have now since heard similar stories ..
Not user friendly. I keyed in my email, and it keeps telling me to enter my email. Had to resolve this by keying in another email address, which it rejected, and re keying in my original email address. Also, why can't just tap on the checkout/place order screen and change quantity of items ordered; why must we go back to the Add to Cart screen to do this?.
Everytime I check out an item it would just say something went wrong in our side tho I do have a stable internet connection. Been using this app for the past years but it only had trouble after the 10.10 flash sale. Please help me with this issue!.
There's a completed order which has already been delivered in June that is still showing up in "To Receive" section. It's so annoying! I tried to uninstall and reinstall the app, logged out and logged back in but it didn't work! That one specific completed order is still showing up in 'To Receive'..
So far I am exceedingly happy with my LAZADA experience. It certainly serves a useful purpose in these days of movement restriction from Covid-19 pandemic. The goods arrive in good time and generally well & securely packed. I shall enjoy continued usage of this Application..
Search function worse of all. Cannot find the specific item yhat you are searching for and just returned one whole chunk of general results similar to one keyword of your search. Their desktop website dont have such a issue..
Crash very often and the search function always give different results everytime after refresh it. Other than that everything else is fine..
Nice app.the items are great but some aren't.and i love how they organize the foryou,freeshipping,lazmall,lazzglobal.you can also collect some coins.you can add to cart your item or add to wishlist and edit your profile info.however i gave it 4 becuase some order that i order dont get on time.☺❤.
This new update is very bad.. cant use filter to find different product at all the shop.. filter only can use to filter colour and some sort of Bluetooth connection.. why the hell i want to filter connection for a furniture...
The weakness of this apps that there is no function button for us to choose on "confirm item received" nor check the item details such as the size, model or colour we bought from past record. From past record, the info is limited only show picture and quantity..
The search filters are ridiculous - you offer filters based on inane features and can't narrow down your search based on wants. The shipping is slow and certainly not near Amazon standards. I'm guessing their margins are low and can't quite make it work within the Philippines. I'd pay more for faster shipping..
The app is good and so far all of the items i ordered is legit. But when it comes on writing a review it always crashes. So I have so many pending reviews and I don't want to write it 😂 it gives me headache 😂 cant even upload a single picture hahaha this should be fix. But thanks lazada great app..
I like the app for many years. But there is a problem annoyed me since 6 months ago that a delivered item stuck in my "to receive" forever without able to remove it. Although I feedback many time to Lazada but the problem seems cannot be resolved. Currently I am doing online shopping only though Shopee until my problem with Lazada is solved..
Well. I came here intentionally to give a poor rating for this app. Been a long time user of lazada since i mostly spend thousands in purchasing powder milk for my toddler thru this app. Bu lately this is giving me sour experience. The app constantly crashes and the lagging is completely a headache! Customer service through the in-app chat service feature is futile most of the time to the point that i have to reach their hotline to raise my concern and for goodness' sake the resolution took ages.
Good app, easy enough to use. Can be confusing on prices, and the wallet price is different to card price for delivery. Some couriers are not as good as others. Delivery charges are a lot higher for Isabela than Tarlac..
The app is not user friendly like Shopee's: 1. When clicking "to receive", the amount is not displayed yet, and doesn't display the complete total-amount-to-pay. 2. The gui of the interface triggers annoyance. 3. TOO. MANY. ADS..
Just updated and it have become worst. When you click to look at a product it will bring you straight to overview. If you want to see pictures you have to read product description that is quite long..
I haven't been able to access and see my cart since I updated the app. It's been three days now and the page still says "Oops. Sorry, something went wrong on our side." Fix it before the 11.11 sale!.
App on its own is OK. My biggest problem is that you don't prevent merchants from spamming the notifications with advertisements, thus i have to block all notifications from you guys and genuine messages get lost.
Has a few flaws and sometimes frustating as it crashes overtime. And the reason i'm uninstalling is because of random ads from the internet that automatically opens lazada app. Other ads just open new tab which is less annoying than this..
They should fix the log in/ sign up interface. There's no clear distinction between them. I tried to recover my old account and ended up creating many accounts from my numbers and email.
Not able to contact lazada in app new stupid policy of lazada expiring coins, lower voucher they start to do cheap and steal your hard earned coins... expiring coins is just so they can earn more is nonsense is virtual how can expire nonsense Lazada i have been customer for a long time.. this big thumb down.. why should I even refer new people to have this frustration as well??? Disgusting.
All I want is to buy stuff, but all these gimmicks just ruined the app! At least make a Lite version. I don't care about your nonsense livestreams and games! Plus the shipping fee is too much. Shipping fee is overcharged. Cart suddenly went blank..
It crashes all the time, acting like a maniac, ..not responding. Its an Adds within the Adds with floating Adds and pop-up Adds 😵😖 Lots of animation, a bloathed apps in a hundreds Mb. Lousy search algo. Gone are the days when the Seller, Lazada, and the Buyer live in a harmony. 🙁😕.
I download this APP not to use it but to gave review...your ads is annoying,man...in every website always show up your ads and bring me to google play and to dowload your APP,come on dude...i know you want to make money...but its really annoying...every click lead me to this APP.....
I like this app because I can buy items through online and I feel little bit safe... Because some sellers are legit. So my advice is please guide the buyers how to rate and put some comments in review. Please guide the buyer how to confirm the item is already received..
Plenty of fakes and cheap knock-off items. But still some legitimate sellers selling legitimate product. UI design bloated with unnecessary elementd designed for marketing. Timer for applying pressure on the users and obnoxious notifications (sorry to those who dont know how to kill thier noti-s). Other than that this app is just okay but still, sometimes I prefer Shopee..
Latest update sucks!! So difficult to navigate and view the product now. Recommendation is useless now. Better get a new UX designer who knows what he/she is doing..
Good app. Fresh food. Wide range of selections. Easy to add from past bought items. It would be great if it is possible to repeat a past order with just one button..
For the past few month, performance has improved significantly compared to shoppee - especially during sale season - wherein it's way more stable with smooth/hassle free transaction. Just need to improve how the vouchers are selected upon checkout - where shoppee excel..
No way to clear search history and browsing history, which any modern app that is serious about data privacy provide nowadays. Keep redirecting/forcing users to open the app even when browsing on chrome..
I love this app but i think you should add the cash payment option where we can pay cash on our own home when the delivery guy arrived, I'm not familiar with buying or paying online, so I'll suggest you to add the cash payment option.
too many bugs and errors: when claiming coins, viewing product reviews, recently viewed products. i hope they can fix it and not only focus on the "checkout" section.
- Unable to write a review to earn coins, forever stuck in loading screen. - Typing issues, can even delete the words properly in the typing box. - Messy interface, its like a hoard of buttons..
This app is working well, smoth and so many fitures there. But why i give this app just 1 star? Cz not from the app, but from my experience using this marketplace (Lazada). Their program were sucks! Cheating their customer or potential customer. Show cheap price, suddently changed after you choose the size. Take a look your game garden, you collect strawberries, then when you claim the prize suddently empty. 1 star is more than enough. Sucks! I'll uninstall it..
Worst platform ever. The credit card vouchers never works. Its like a scam trying to entice people to buy from their platform. i've raised issue to them several times but with no resolution. Trust me you are better off buying from Shopee..
Keeps crashing and lags so hard my phone slows way down. Plus an annoying pop up keeps reminding tp update my phone. Has gotten worse since the last version! I am also dissapointed that there has been an increasing number in scammers and clickbaits. That said, shopee is way worse and the shipping times are way longer. And if your item has to be returned, its way easier in lazada..
Error after update, Koh. When I Clicked on Promo, it showed a couple of coding. I have the screen capture. I never had this experience before..
I usually using this app especially for promo such as 11.11, 12.12 etc. It helps me as a mother to get low prices and the delivery always fast. So far I don't have difficulties and don't have problem for using this app..
Sometimes opening from notification the app seems to hang and you have to restart the app. It ruins the linking of the notification...
I was about to pay bills (government) but was not able to continue. Please fixed it. And no withdrawal options. Not really accessible for online transaction..
The app is not that user friendly. Make it more simple and easy to understand and follow. It is also slow though my internet speed is already at 100mbps..
I hope you guys remove the log in verification that is send via sms.. I spend the entire day waiting for the code , but it hasn't come thru yet.. Though I have good reception. I hope you can just send it via email. I have upcoming orders I cannot log in because of this. Totally pissed.
Edited review, wasting time collecting coins and cannot use it accept for unwanted item. Unlike shopee we can redeem our coins before pay for almost all items. And when i have problem with a cheated seller, no one answer me accept chat box, which is useless..
The items sell is good. But when i want to type the review, the word always twitching and its hard to type for so long. Its not normal. I think its bug. Pleasw fix it.
So far so good.....lots of room for improvement.....like more organized categories with relevant pictures and customised filters.....anyway, keep up the good service and more games for rewards.
Review/photos given/upload did not saved in the system especially when they are quite number of review to be made. More so the comment can get deleted for what so ever reason, very frustrated at time. They have improved a lot now, from 1 star I give 4 stars for now. Currently, Ratings & Reviews are missing in the latest update. I give 2 stars to this..
Overall it's great but I have an advice for product item such as smartphone if you can don't write the item description on the package form, and also if possible add an item check feature for product item such as smartphone to avoid the buyer disappointment..
Cant access my cart ever since update. Chatted with 2 diff agents. Problem still unsolved. Was advised to login on another acct which isnt possible because of binding issues (mobile number & social media already associated etc)..
I'm uploading more than 1 picture for the item review but only 1 picture is being uploaded after clicking 'Share Review'. Hi developers, please fix Android app. Thanks..
It's an okay experience using this app. The pop up ads are quite annoying sometimes but the thing that annoys me the most was that someday Lazada just straight up deny to allow me to use my Visa card as a payment method for no reason..
Dont even bother to download this apps people... i gave Zero(0) star because, there's a lot of cheating sellers in this apps, and lazada don't even bother to remove this cheating sellers. When you buying online, you' are expecting a good quality product and value of money, but no...this lazada company is the biggest crook in Asia... i just purchased a pair of safety boots and it's from china for Ringgit Malaysia 39.90 plus the shipping, and guess what I got..? A piece of stockings....🤬🤬.
Slow to load and scroll, probably if you say so they will come up with some lame excuse. Crashes most times. This problem is with most of the cell phones and tablets my family uses, so not confined to one brand or device. Gave 4 stars before now been using it for a while changed my rating. May improve my rating if this app improve but I doubt that will happen, it is slowly getting worse. Not happy at all with it. 11.11 sale is a joke forget it..
With the new updates theres a payment option when placing order especially if you cash-in in your Lazada Wallet. But the when i write my review with attached pictures or video, theres an error..
Crappy and buggy 😤 ..... plus keeps trying to infringe on your privacy. No wonder their sales declining. Making things difficult for your customers and hiring of know it all CSR will reap its results sooner or later 😇.
The updated is very complicated than to the old version. When you clicked an item, its hard to find the review and many other thing..
The app is good, but it always pop out of nowhere on different platforms. It's quite annoying to see as an ad all day long..
You can only purchase. Too bad you can't see the review and question page before the purchase and have a question or check the reviews of other buyers. Please fix the app!.
Great shopping! Worry free about encountering request of refund. Absolute guarantee that your money will be refunded. What a nice experience of online shopping..
Amazing apps. I can used it easily. But the main problem for me is the shipping fee cost its to much expensive other than that I don't have any problem with this apps..
Saw 11.11 promo.. download app to give it a try.. saw $10 welcome voucher but it says I'm not eligible "because I bought some before". Signs of flawed database or weak data security.. too bad.. deleted app.
Your app eats the bigest data on my phone exeeding my youtube data consumption. I will make a little more observation on your apps data usage then I will uninstall it and switch to browser only..
1.) Sana may option to PERSONALIZE the app para hindi cluttered: sobrang daming ads, eh. 2.) Pati, sana pwedeng mang-blacklist or mam-block ng ilang stores? Yung mga alam mong scammers, or hindi mo gusto ang customer service. 3.) Chat function is ok. Filters are ok but the shops' item classification could be improved. Sana mino-monitor ng Lazada. Kunwari, yung "keyboard" ay included rin sa "keyboard accessories." Hassle mag-filter out minsan, included pa rin yung ibang nakakalitong items..
As an online shopping app, it's great. But the games are very laggy and would make the app crash..
The app is overall great but sometimes the advertisement is annoying and also some sellers are using clickbait and their products is not what they promised some has the audacity to sell you fakes..
I have been using Lazada App For the past 3 years. I never encountered any issue related to technical glitch, incorrect billing, wrong delivery or fraud issue. The App is as good as some of the global e-commerce site. I am able to shop with confidence. Lazada is now my 1st preferred app if I need to browse for shop online..
Great app btw But the prices it's a bit expensive and the shipping, But hey all the Lazada products are original(not all) Sometimes I lose temper 🤣 Because sometimes the Loading took a lot a time which I don't have patience 🤣💅 But yeah still you using this app tho really love it🤣💜✨🌼💖💖.
A bit too cluter. Too much information on 1 screen. The navigation system is not the best when you don't know exactly what you want..
Search engine of this app not showing what I'm looking for. I need to use Google shopping list to find great items for this shop. Pls fix this issue. There are great item's sold in this store. I pity for those sellers selling good products coz people can't find them..
Excellent app. Buying or browsing are more fun than ever. Games are fun too. Feels excited for Winning vouchers..
its fine. But its taking up 400+mb in my internal storage. You need to reduce the clutter. Make a Lite version..
Easy to use, easy to navigate. Product search is quick and ordering is systematic. You can expect proper handling of your orders..
Forces u to save card details and pay later express checkout is also forced to remove any notification approvals required in Paylah app. It should make it a choice if we want to save payment methods data or not in this app.
Very user friendly apps. Complete purchase order within a short time. Staff are very cooperative, look for product details that i requested..
Live agent support very very weak. Not helpful. And to even get through the AI to speak to an actual human agent is an uphill task. Shopee has better, faster, more responsive live chat agents to resolve issues for you..
Spent 1 hour to get payment up. Kept getting error mesasge. And the system forgot about my previous settings. Very frustrating..
It's a great app, and have positive service from their local delivery persons (if you already e-paid). Thank you..
Worst app, lately I'm seeing a lot of apps has only option to register an account with them but not to deactivate/delete the accounts. One of it is Lazada. Apparently I got to chat with the CS personnel before they locked my account for safety purposes (NOT DELETED!!) then I couldn't login anymore and all my requests after that goes to deaf ears?!!!!!!.
Stupid app. Search function is lousy. Hangs in e wallet function if you want to go back and re log in.who is the idiot that design such app. Even shoppee has much less problems..
It plays the music of their ads so loud by default and I'm having a hard time in finding and and stopping it due to the clutter in this app is enormous!.
Very very poor backend support. Wrong items were delivered and still pending refund for more than a month. No updates from the apps on refund status and had to call a few times to the hotline. Very very poor after sales support..
Filter options is now so limited it's barely usable. While before you could filter by brand and categories, now it's no longer there..
Real great promos and real great buys!!! I love the way that I am told of my items' delivery date through email - I am always notified a day prior the delivery..
I have been using this application for 1yr, a very satisfying online shopping, safe too, and couriers is friendly, as long as shopping here I have never been disappointed with the items being sold, success for Lex-id💕.
Excellent way to shop and identify best price deals. But buyer beware on integrity of genuine items. A review translator into English would be a great advantage..
The best cheating app. So much of scams. Even the lazada mini games are scams,whatever you play it will purposely make you lose the game so you wont be able to collect the points or rewards. Its just a way to attract people into the app. Such a filthy scamming app..
Good. My first time to use this app. Will be more user-friendly if no advertisement, it can only complicate the use of the app..
Very easy and convenient to use even for us who are very new to the app and very individuals..
Easy to use. Lots of product, including groceries. So convenient. No more carrying heavy stuff from the supermarket..
No issue on the app, my issue is about some products that are either very low quality or slightly damaged. That is why I always opt for COD if available so I can reject the product if broken.
I found Discount vouchers to be bogus they say"store wide" i collect and try to use and it takes you to a limited page link all be it within same store. Or during purchase won't apply posted discount and there is NO VOUCHER NUMBER to be found to insert where it say use voucher ( number) ! Redeeming coins is useless too as most everything is always sold out or couns plus money plus postage is same price as online durrect purchsse from same app. I intend on NOT using Lazada anymore..
Always running in the background. Consuming my memory, RAM......Lazada and Shopee same garbage. If not because of my mother I should have uninstalled this long ago. Stop running in the background.
Please fix the "My Coins" category! It's been three days since since I cannot access it..
Lazada should be more vigilant with how products are being advertised by sellers. I've been seeing a lot of products being advertised as original/authentic but are actually OEM when you look at their description. Misleading business practice. Also app has been very slow to load or always encounters errors as of late. I often have to close app and open it again which is annoying.
Recently I can't view upper page for each item I want to shop. I hope it will be fixed. Until then I will swith to other option. Tq.
Ok but not yet commendable with 5 stars. Needs improvement compared to other online selling app. So far, it's good..
Great app and its so hopefull for me to go shopping through online. Its hassle-free for me with the great help of this Lazada app. :).
Too many ads but I understand it's e-commerce website so that's fine. Overall the user experience is fine and I am saying as a Developer too..
Is the apps something wrong? Everytime browse a listing it will get refresh and back to top and need to scroll all over again. It is frustating!!!!!.
Easy to navigate and with a wide range of products. I especially appreciate it that you have Redmart on board too..
Search engine is too irritating. Too many irrelevant search results, accompany with lots of advertisements, worst when all these kept repeating itself at the bottom. Lazada, you are pushing your users away. Nobody want to buy anything if can't even find what we want. Please learn from Shopee..
Happy customer here. Keep items authenticity and quality based on the description box. Same goes on the packaging of the orders. Keep it up!.
Great buys and easy to track orders. Specially now that we are avoiding to get out to shop for foods and stuffs...really helpful..
I must say that this app is so convenient but I have seen a lot of images that wasn't suitable for children. Will you please sensor those sex toys or other images that reveals private parts?.
No chat support available to help you with your problem. It's always the bot and no option to connect with a customer service representative..
Cheating ppl to top up your wallet without given clear infomation. And yet cannot be refunded. Dissapointed. Especially during 11.11, I tot there will be many discount/benefit give by Lazada. Top up RM1000+, bought things over, finally found out all the things I want to buy is not under its categorise🙄 claim so many voucher also no use.
Embrace native features, not only an app with an internet browser interface inside. It's slow and it loads and eats unnecessary data..
What is wrong?! The application runs smoothly and now my pending order information was gone after logging in and my selected cart items were all missing how can i retrieve these ...
You can't choose a preferred courier. The app constantly assigns LBC despite the negative comments and bad rating. I'm switching to another app that's more efficient in assigning couriers. On the plus side, i can sort better in Lazada but thats about it..
All purchases made are all perfect and all in good condition, delivery man is always kind and smilling..
Good items, nice shop, affordable prices and delivered on time..
Online shopping made more convenient. Also, promos and discounts being offered are really appreciated. Keep it up..
Latest update removed filtering sellers by country (both on app and website) - making it a huge pain to go through listings. Edit1: Location filtering has been fixed..
Overall is okay but Difficult to search for the phone accessories. Pop out a lot of other model where not related and wasting time..
Terrible search function. Even though I put specific product name, so many unrelated items show up. Why do oppo, vivo, Xiaomi phone show up when I search with ''Samsung Galaxy S20''???.
Can't log in. Always says internet connection yet I can browse and check out on shopee and use data on games. Sadly can't check out this 11.11.
Interface of the app is good!! Easy to use and navigate around. Great shopping app with many good deals!!.
Great app..but 11.11biggest sale..its a bogus..12.06 got log in the app..samsung flagship store im gonna purchase an m31 is not available for the first 6 mins..
The delivery and products are in good condition and well-packed..
Great app! Definitely beats shopee during 11.11 & 12.12 sale period but Shopee beats them in sale periods for all other months. Regardless that's why we as consumers have a choice naman!.
Very good online shopping app. User friendly and easy to cancel if change of mind..
I love shopping at lazada but the Interface was a little too cluttered. Too many things to click on..
The deliveries were done within the specified period and the items are always in good condition..
So many items to collect for cheaper price. Love it!!!.
Can i suggest There are some item not perfect . To make sure the black delivery plastic change to colortless or transparent..
Since the update this week, the app doesn't function normally. If i'm buying a product, the top most part of the screen cannot be seen. Pls fix the bug..
This app has a malware to pop-up app while playing games 🤦‍♂️. There's no reason this app is popping up the app ads. It just ruined my gameplay 🤦‍♂️.
i love online shopping here but everytime i open the app the home, recent and back button of my phone doesn't work so i need to restart... shipping fee is too high even when i order lots of items in one store... when i delete and add to card again shipping fee charges but still too high.. i think there's a problem with the app....
i requested to transfer my refund from old to new account. It's been a week since i've call the customer service. I didn't even receive any update or notifications..
So much useless nonsense such as the annoying pop ups and the lousy instructions on receiving the so called promos. I'm atleast giving y'all a three star because some of your sellers are atleast cool...
App is good. Hope for a more streamlined, user friendly, and accurate information..
Pretty reliable. Sometimes the product takes too long to arrive and sometimes it takes a week. But usually the time given is more or less followed.
The app is too slow. It's not my wifi connection cause I used shopee and there's no problem with shopee. But here in lazada, grrrrr so slow, so log..
Hard to understand and so complex, i prefer shopee cause its easy to understand stand no hightech features just simple and fun cause the games dosent need coins to play instead you collect them so here.
Can't transfer money back to bank account 🙄. Money can only use to top up but will not be refunded in the app🙃.
Update: Lately this app became an annoying one as it's always popping up all over most of the time. Why is that? When customers know how to open this app when needed, and also I noticed that its increases the delivery charges for most of the items. Old review: It's nice to be a Lazada customer. Return or refund is always easy with LBC or 7/11 service. But I am satisfied most of my orders, delivery time is always ahead of promised schedule. Kodus to their courier LEX..
You ruined my phone. There is a little to no time I would encounter one of your ads. It kept showing unnecessary pop ups even though I already uninstalled the Lazada App..
Why is Lazada and other shopping apps are turning into a social media? No one asked for feed and live broadcast on your app! It's supposed to be an e-commerce site, now it's just a cluttered pretense social media with shopping functions. Some of the photos you see on your feed are NSFW. JESUS CHRIST..
The HP app need 448MB storage which I think the file size is too big. Normal app size is within 15mb to 150mb This will encourage users delete the app from their hp if hp storage full..
Stupid logic for e wallet, i can't link my own number even after otp verification. It says number already registered with other accounts lol. Also another stupidity all returned products amount goes to e wallet which i cannot used. Customer care dont have asn for this and asking me to buy new mobile number.
Efficient ways to top up, especially the 7eleven option if you don't want to use your cards/bank accounts..
Love the app... Hope many more discount to come and pls. Check your seller once a month to see if they comply to your customer needs... Thanks and more power to your business....
Source of spam messages and notifications. Sellers that you are no longer following can still send you unsolicited messages regarding their promos..
Your unsubscribe button doesn't work at all. I still kept receiving promo emails. Its flooding my inbox. I turned off everything that is related to receiving email but still no luck. If i could give negative star I'd do it just because of the emails. Your app is good giving discounts etc, but all i want is to stop receiving your emails. I really hate it..
The app is cluttered and not very reliable. The main issue for me personally is, that you can not see previous orders as they simply disappear. This makes ordering the same product again (let's say coffee) a chore. Also, there is little guarantee that one will receive the product ordered. Shops offer things they don't have and then try to manipulate the buyer into ordering something else, usually more expensive. And don't even try to return a faulty or wrong product. It is impossible. I received an item in the wrong color after two weeks of ordering, returned it the same day and have been waiting for seven (7!) weeks for a service to pick it up. In the meantime I have complained three times to Lazada, only to be (re-)assured that the next time it would work. Well, seven weeks... and nothing. That is absolutely shameful..
Nice experience. Lots of items and reasonable price. Good job..
Generally, I like the app, but you need to have two phones to change your number. One phone for the old to get an sms code and the other for the new number sms code. Customer support refused to help or accelerate the case. I would have stopped using Lazada if my friend didn't have an old phone for me to borrow. The search function is awful. God forbid you want to buy clothes while fat. How hard is it to add more size options to narrow down the search?.
Compared to other people that had bad experience. For me, its actually good app. Its very organized. you should know how to use this app and know how to investigate every shops to avoid scams. And also maybe it depends on your mobile so the app is not working properly...very good experience indeed..
Easy online shopping, very convenient for busy people..
I love this app. It is very satisfying. But the problem is there is only one voucher for new users unlike other..
Good shopping app. But so many lacking products. Please add more products. Then I will give 5 stars..
User experience is crappy, keeps sending you promos disguised as messages. Keeps floating a game invitation in app. Keeps showing dots on messages, when you go there, you only see promo, there is no way to turn off promos. In web shows a message that you cannot read, and only can read on app, then you discover it's just a promo. Never install it. Do everything in the website..
Ridiculously confusing and unclear fees everywhere for sellers. As a buyer, uncompetitive pricings most likely due to the aforementioned. Terrible customer service. Only good is its existence can provide competitiveness with other platforms..
Lazada is the top Online Shopping for me. But store scams a lot to happen. IDK, I didn't experience it yet. Can you add more process UI? Like all of my orders that still just packed. I think having a tab for Packed items would be good and those still unpacked will be easier to cancel..
Used to like this app. But for the past few months changes in delivery charges (which are expensive), coins (that are almost unusable for discounts) lack of discount vouchers for small purchases etc. made me loose interest. I bought so many things here. But now i usually shop at other online shops with a max of 200 coin discount upon check out plus free delivery vouchers given automatically each month. With cashback deals of 5 to 20 percent. I hope lazada will come up with better deals..
Tracking the package seems to be not working. 'Read some complaints about packages never delivered..
Flash deal page keeps on refreshing by the minute. You're not halfway through the page and it goes back to the top. When you tap the notifications, the app won't load nor open. Very poor experience! New annoying issue: the app keeps on populating my account with items that I didn't buy but insist to put on a review. Stupid! Fix it!.
LAZADA mobile app does not provide the function generatingthe returnong address label. If any problem found for the purchased item, customer ell facing the great problem with this！.
Super lowest Price. This app is very useful, I can Shop online and the delivery is so fast. In just 3 days i got my item..
Great app,especially as a foreigner residing in the Philippines,much cheaper and less stressfull than using amazon..
Your security pin cannot, keep saying verify pin incorrect. So inconvenience, after top up cannot 11 shopping, wft!.
I like the improvements on the app. It makes shopping easier and there are also a wide selection of vouchers I can use when shopping. The address selection is also nicely updated. I hope I won't experience any difficulties with receiving deliveries. Thank you for this, Lazada..
The app itself is okay. Sometimes the only problem we customers experience is because of "some" couriers. Changing my review from 5 stars to 3 stars. Why? It's so hard to search for an item you wanted. The result shows other things than what you really are looking. Please be more specific on giving us the results when we search something 😖 am having headache 🤦🏻‍♀️.
Very usefull apps, lots of option and variety to choose from when it comes to online shopping.
When using this app, the page is always loading. Sometimes the loading process failed, but most of the time the loading page is endless. I cannot see message contents, cannot see reviews, and cannot open offer when notification come. This is not network or WiFi issue. I can open 1080p YouTube with no hiccup. But whenever I open Lazada app, the page took forever to load. Please fix this..
Turns out that the very first ad I opened was a fake watch. Not worth the effort to have to sift through all that garbage to find authentic stuff. Disappointing, really. Deleted without buying anything..
This is good app.. but sometimes the other suplier cant do it properly by order.. either is broke or not working her item...
🥳FANTASTIC!!!Really helpful & very exciting everyday games & prizes really stressfree even if you not ordering..thanks More Powers & many to help🥰🥰🙏🙏.
Highly recommended, products are in good condition, accurate and fast when it comes to delivery, delivery boy is also nice and friendly..
There's a lot of messages in my inbox. I don't like being notified unless I have a business transaction with those store, but I don't have. Also, the games are so boring..
Lots of choices to choose from, so it is a good platform to shop for things you want. But, stay away from the wallet system for now and don't be easily tempt by the rebates. It isn't as good as I'd hope. There is a ceiling to how much you need to have in it - which is RM2,999. So, if you want to purchase anything higher than the maximum amount the wallet can hold, that will not be possible. Until Lazada looks into this and improve the system, don't use it..
Very great deals on several items, you just need to check and search meticulously..
Love the app for the great interface and smooth transactions. Sad that they removed the Cash On Delivery feature. Wish they could bring it back.
Unable clear notifications. Even setting is off notification. Always notified 1 messages unread even all messages is read already.
This is my second order, the first was tikki stroller which arrived quite late, but the packing was excellent. Hopefully this time it will come on time, and product specification reach hand as expected..
It was amazing and easy to shopped,the app is so friendly and easy...cool😁😁😁.
Intelligent app particularly in providing products recommendations and automatic use of discounts upon checking out..
It's hard to leave feedback on the app. I want to use the video option but it seems exclusive for the app. Modifying the stars deletes everything you have written, discouraging writing reviews. The video edit could use more functions like the ability to select certain sections for encoding so we don't have to open a computer then reupload it on the phone. Also, this needs 2FA and Lazada doesn't seem to offer one, even the authenticator one. Security's important..
I felt deceived. Lazada wallet is broken. Can't top up, can't set up pin, can't do anything. "404 not found a page named top up". Also, when I tried to claim the welcome RM10 for first time app user, nothing appears in the page even after multiple attempts. Since I can't use wallet, I can't use the free RM5, plus the RM15 e-penjana voucher. All in all, I lost RM30 in total and I felt it was done deliberately to prevent consumers from getting discount, but tricked us into using its app. Horrible!.
I can't seem to turn off the push notification within the app. Yes I can stop the push notification via phone setting but strangely enough, the app does have 'Message Setting' but am not able to click on the Push Notification option..so misleading... I hate receiving all those so called exclusive offer or personal updates. So, it's a bye bye for me. Uninstalling the app so I can have a peaceful life again..
I would like to give it 5 stars because I have been using it for years, but just recently it began to crash or whatever it is, I dunno if it is just my wifi or what but then I can't go to the payment section. Whenever I want to check out something, it just turn blank. How am I supposed to check out and pay if it's just blank? Please fix this..
Have to downgrade this app to 2 star, because the coins reward doesn't work beyond the 2nd page and after purchase. They always say I get rewarded and click to collect the coins. But each time I click to collect the coins, it'll say server busy. It just never work..
The loyalty program is very good. The content of the app is understandable. The product reviews are helpful..
It's good, but cod payment is it really gone forever??it really is more convenient tho..but I'm just asking if the cash on delivery will be back??please notice.
Could be perfect online shopping if there are no scammer seller. Hope you can improve filters for these sellers..
why do you have to display a 3 second ad right after i open your app? im already at your store! that ad is more likely to make me close lazada..
If I can find items in other platform, I would, bcoz Lazada purchase via credit card don't need OTP or even need to key in CSV on each purchase. Decided not to save credit card details on Lazada platform and try not to buy from Lazada as much as possible, if not for groceries shopping at redmart. The coins can only be used for games not for rebate, unlike other platform. The app automatically logged me out many times, wonder what happened..
Problems with confirming order. When I click the confirmation order to confirm, it says "confirmed" but when I go back and click "Chat Now" again, the button changes from "Confirmed" back to "Confirm" (which doesn't sound like it actually confirmed) I also tried it on other devices but same results. I tried using the web version but it's even worse, it doesn't show the confirmation message. It just forces you to download the app..
Can you make this app simplier and easy to understand. Its so messy and unneat to my eyes. It hurt my eyes to understand compared to your rival online apps which is neat to navigate and easy to understand for check outs and voucher option when putting if the orders are COD like that. And can you make this apps more smooth. Your apps looks like a 2G or 3G to load so slow when browsing the product. Guys its 2020 and our internet is on a 4G and turn 5G to fast load. Why is it so slow?.
Ok app but the loading times on my phone(nova 5t) takes too long to load especially when viewing reviews with pictures, and messages. And when uploading pictures on review you'll have to do it one by one can't it be at the same time?? And my wishlist is annoying to nav can't it be categories like the last item I add on the wishlist will be the first item I see, please lazada make it happen what I really like on this app is you can comment on reviews..
Since lots of users find this app to be intrusive/annoying be wise. Disable notification. When I need to buy something I will install it,after which I UNINSTALL it. I do NOT look at all their messages/feeds etc. Do NOT let it know your location. When we should be in control why do we let an app take over our life? If it proves to be intrusive simply UNINSTALL it. See if it still tries to make you buy? I find that it sits quietly if I disable notification unless I have something on the way..
The live agent (customer service) can't solve my problem (payment failed using credit card). I asked them to perform deeper checking related to my problem but the only answer that I got was only "please restart your phone and perform periodic checking". And until now, I can't use my credit card to pay..
When i update the app, it keepson closing saying that it detected unusual traffic in my connection thus i cannot use it to check out products in my cart.
Dear Lazada, this is one of my favourite shopping apps before. But now, it's starting to get even more hassle. I can't upload photos. I have to reupload it until it succeed. Please fix this issue. Shopee has no issue in uploading photos. I hope you'll fix this as soon as possible since I badly want to give good ratings for better sellers/shops out there and uploading photos would help. Thanks! ❤.
I love this app! Convenience is life!😉😊 Thank you Lazada for this reliable, useful app! Services and products are great.. Good job!👍👍👍.
All deals are misleading and mostly scams! Would highly advice against downloading! Just a waste of time.
Good app, but it's always trying to push you to buy and use it more. The notifications are annoying and unnecessary, I still want to get notifications on chats but not on discount, but you can't choose. The small widgets are so annoying. The feed section is unnecessary..
Great app, it refund my money very fast when I accidentally order something. Keep it up!.
This is a bad app. It allows you to shop for almost all the things you want at home. Impulse buying, which used to at least have you at a mall, can now be done at home... Or anywhere, actually, as long as you're online. It's probably more addicting than drugs. But for the time we needed stuff while on ECQ, thanks, Lazada. Live long and prosper..
UX/UI sucks!!! product important details are at the bottom of the page. very misleading. No per item shipping cost detail not helpful. AI help desk also sucks!!!.
Prefer using Shopee. At least the layout is clean and easy to understand. As a graphic student I can't help but wonder why the app is terrible and hard to use. The layout is messy and annoying. The ads everytime I open the app is unnecessary and just a bother. And most of the items I wanna buy aren't available on Lazada(at least Shopee have the items), and even if I found some, the lack of review wasn't helpful, also there's lack of coupon and the min price for free shipping is pricy..
False promises on vouchers just to get your personal details. Nothing is intuitive. The app is cluttered with so many adverts that you cannot find anything you are actually looking for. When linked to the app via online browsing you loose your basket contents and have to start again..
One of the best apps and has a good and best seller in online shopping. Keep it up.
poor login system, unable to login through pc using mobile number. Messy interface, prefer shopee. Bye.
Shop & Match game system down for 3 days since 14/11/2020..
Aside from an occasional network-related glitch, this app performs admirably considering it's a cross-language platform, and search results rely on good input from sellers describing their wares in two languages. Many functional options available for payment. Been reliably using it for months now, quite happy with it..
Sometimes the app doesn't load the notifications page or other pages. Spinning arrow forever. Network is good, tested using other apps. Server overload? I noticed large no. of vendors advertise goods, but finally don't have in stock. Finally, it's sometimes not clear where the goods are coming from, especially when browsing. This affects delivery time considerably in some cases..
I installed this app just to rate it. This app is literally taking over all the websites pop-ups. Very annoying. I am uninstalling this.
The apps is not friendly user, as like shopee it is straight to the point. U top up for wallet and pay with no hassle..
I absolutely hate this platform, not just the app. It's frustrating to have carted a whole list of items, only to have the payment gateway to reject your payment. My credit card is tested to be working fine elsewhere. Lazada have very limited payment options, unlike Qoo10 that has multiple. Shopee's bank transfer payment method omits the reliance on credit card company's performance. Feedback to lazada is said to be responded in 24-48 hrs, but your unpaid order will be cancelled in 45 mins..
The Laz Coin apage no longer available, couldn't access the Laz Coin page. Means the can no longer use my coin for exchange / redem of voucher..
Flash sales keep refresh by itself. Need to scroll over again..
The app is kind of confusing. I suggest that the LazTalents have their own space or "profile" thing where Lazadanatics can visit, and be notified if the LazTalents that they follow is having a livestream. also a space where all of the foreshow links for replay or current livestream is shown. Please fix the bug, we can't see all of the comments while we're on air..
Very satisfying application many prices and events. I like it!.
Ads keeps appearing even when I'm browsing or playing it appears and automatically redirects me to Lazada it's so annoying 😑.
First time using the app earlier and i accidently ordered an item twice. I tried cancelling it after 2 mins and its not allowing me anymore. Seller is unresponsive as well..
Items price are very affordable and easy to use application.
Great experience. Easy-to-use app and now eagerly await my ordered products..
Very useful app specially now that we should stay home to avoid the pandemic. I use this app frequently with my groceries and all most everything. because we strictly don't go out of the house. But I think the sellers are taking this advantage by sending wrong items or faulty items. I am still not going to lbc to send back the items they sent. But the bigger problem is I would be charged for that item and not have a refund! Another thing is LAZMART, limited items for very high delivery fee.
Best part is almost every store have a COD, what i don't like is the more you add items the bigger the cost of shopping i mean its natural tho but compared to other lazada is kinda expensive. Love the customer services but really hope that negative experience won't happen again..
the apps have been consistent! I find however that some items delivered 4 months before are still in my list of product purchased..
Your app/delivery carries keep saying that my home address is incorrect? I have been using lazada since 2018 with the same address for years now. Also your new carrier is slow! It has been 2 weeks and no new update, unlike shopee i got a new update every 2-3 days! Even its ecq, shopee is faster! I will never order again from this app!.
Disappointed and disgusted with Lazada's refund progress. My husband is still waiting for his purchase refund after months, which is downright ridiculous. I would never experience this on other platforms like Shopee..
Easy to use UI. Good app. No major complaints so far..
This is a great app and great website however you have to be careful of some shady sellers.. As of around 11-1 the following pages won't open.. app no longer allows me to leave reviews.. Won't open shipping stat.. Won't open messages.. *Sometimes won't open shopping cart.. Please fix this, 😳.
Been using the app without much issues before, but this week when I tried to secure the delivery slot, the confirm button is not responding at all. I reinstalled, rebooted my device, and still the same issue. Helpdesk told me to use my desktop to checkout and the delivery slots won't even load on my laptop browser. 🙁☹️😞.
Lazada just made it harder to send messages to sellers and I'm not sure why. Before, buyers had the option to chat with sellers just by looking at the status of orders. Now, you have to go to the messages tab and look at the long list of notifications -- good luck in finding the name of the seller..
Please make an option to delete and erase what we searched for previous item and sometimes the recommendations are not good please make a hide button..
Poor user experience. Too many options and illogical layouts make app confusing and difficult to use. Please invest in UX.
Apart from some lagging during sales, everything else work fine & pretty easy..
Cannot login to the Lazada App using the Facebook linked account even after uninstall and reinstall. I entered the Livechat for two times: 1.For first agent, after communicate for almost 1 hour cannot get clear on what issue I'm facing. 2.For second agent does not try to solve my issue, just simply said that Malaysia region not having issue ask me to find Thailand Lazada livechat support. Excuse me, if there really no issue, why am I waiting my golden times to ask you guys for help..
Nice apps! Great offers, products and services..very convenient❤💙💚💛 and recommendable😊.
I hate the review feature here. When uploading pics you can't select all 5 in one go. So I need to select 1 pic then upload then select again? What a waste of time. Then when I'm typing a review it will refresh even when Im not even doing anything. I JUST WANNA WRITE AN HONEST REVIEW WHY WONT YOU LET ME?! But seriously fix this, I just wanna review all my orders carefully okay..
Used to be a good app and I had purchased lots of Items from them. Recently few pages like flash deal, redmart, taobao, etc... all open up desktop mode in my mobile app. Reviews page load So slow... Can't make payment kept showing network error... Livechat useless and not of help at all... Leave feedback for help and no response. Already been 2 weeks and the problem still persist, horrible 👎🏼👎🏼👎🏼.
Love this app! having so much fun just browsing and buying stuff!!.
The Arduino app does not support Landscape. Many Arduino devices today are Landscape like Samsung Tab S5e, S6 and S7..
Need to improve on the coin claiming process as some parts always appear the message of the server is busy..
After few years not using lazada,now I am back to view all item inside.Nice view, very colourful.Awesome!!!.
I was looking for some collectibles, Bandai Crush Gear Turbo to be precise. but the search result, for me is horribly inaccurate. I mean, searching for 'crush gear' show all these item that crushes garlic, searching for 'crush gear turbo' shows some car turbo, and even searching for 'bandai crush gear turbo' simply show all these bandai toys, but none of them are crush gear. what's up with that? try search the same thing on Shopee, and you get the result you want immediately..
Lazada is a good app for me to buy things online. But recently there's an 'event' saying that if you share to friends you will get rm100 in your ewallet. All my friends have tried and we can't exceed more than rm92 no matter how many times we share. Therefore, it can't be withdrawn in the ewallet unless we hit rm100. Why this scam?.
Great App, easy to navigate and payment process was very smooth.
WORST SHOPPING APP!!! I've use many shopping app and recently wanna try this one. Absolutely wasting my money on this app/ shopping servis. Bad interface, keep loading as they want to load all the ads as much as possible (since I block any app to keep running background) without permission. I've block location servis and some people are truly even get location access problem where this app wanna to know your location all the time. Yeah that promotional notificationsssss also ANNOYING!!!.
The app is slow and difficult to get around , to make a complaint is difficult and not replied to then going unresolved . The sellers mostly are very good . Some suppliers are either clueless or don't take the time to pack things correctly or cut corners and hope for the best ..
the app is great it has an ok price but the problem is that when i try to proceed the payment it says "you should pick a payment method" and i tried to pick a method but the loading is really long and we couldn't proceed i think theres a bug/ a problem with the loading can you please fix it? Thanks💛.
I love this app before. I can buy item easier lately. But this time I can't use the app. I already update it to the newest version but it keep on lagging. I can't even scroll down to search or see some new items. It's not working. How can I fix this?.
Since rate us pop-up came up, here we go. Experience is horrible. There is too many useless and bad thing such as coins, live videos, influencer pop-up, scammer, feeds page, annoying store voucher message, games. There is multiple same item page from multiple store, making store price comparison difficult. This platform need moderators, really. No payment release function as competition. Chat with store function is appreciated. Need to use different platform next time..
Im using this app years ago but the app is still loading just like Shopee app even on wifi and 4G LTE. Tried uninstalling and install again, still the same. You might want to make this app faster. Still no changes since then. No update available because I just re-installed it yesterday..
Plenty of in app junk notifications advert that's not related to my order. And they keep sending in-app spam messages, extremely irritating! Wasting time delete those junks. Also bugs and error, new message and notification but it's empty inside. Other issue, purchasing in Lazada can be very disappointing, and waste of time. Too many scammers and wrong item shipped frequency, wasting time waiting, to ship the item back and waiting for refund. Absolutely disappointment transacting with Lazada!.
Not against the app, but your app being linked to ads on almost every website (mostly streaming) isn't helping you. In fact it's irritating that the app opens up, everytime I open websites with shortlink ads. I suggest you use your resources on proper channels like youtube or facebook..
Very poor search, unlike Shopee. If i type "hikvision outdoor", results appear are happened to have only "hikvision", and only "Outdoor". Why cant lazada come out result in the way where the title contains both "hikvision" + "outdoor" first? If you still dont understand what i say, please search your thing in Shopee App. #Shopee more user friendly as of now..
Very much satisfied . .. no problems encountered of the products i've bought as well as the delivery service. .Repeat buyer since 2016, . ..
Amazing customer service,, the application is user friendly..
Can't zoom in! The product details is so small cannot read!.
Something has gone wrong with Lazada apps, 2 days ago the apps has gone haywire stating that the webpage indicate net::ERR_THIRD_PARTY_NETWORK_-405. Even tried to reinstall - nothing happen. Sometimes indicate free shipping but after checking out shipping charges applies. Very unhappy. Customer service ask to send screenshot which i think is unnecessary. Already indicated upon purchased. Why so messy. In this era what customer wants is easy n convenient. Even damage product is a hassle to retur..
I would give this app 5 stars, as I have been using it for years. But the package I ordered has been stuck in logistics for a month now. Lazada customer support has been very receptive, but has accomplished nothing, and can't even give me an exact delivery date. Apparently Quad X is not picking up the package. Bottom line, if you want packages to be actually delivered to your door, stay away from Quad X. I will update this review once you have actually processed my order..
Easy and convenient to shop,past and good quality products.
Deleting previous review cause the app is getting worse and worse. What the freak is wrong with the app that I'm having trouble posting reviews. Cannot upload photos nor videos and cannot even type the actual review. I'm not sure if this is an issue with others as well BUT AGAIN, REVIEWS ARE VERY IMPORTANT TO MAKE SURE THAT WE THE BUYERS ARE GETTING THE BEST POSSIBLE DEAL FOR OUR HARD- EARNED MONEY. PLEASE FIX THIS ASAP!.
deleted my top rate after a year.. theres a lot of scanmers on your platform today. Some cancels the order without even chatting. Sellers becoming terrible on service to buyers: watchout to sellers asking for payment outside the system. Prefer cod since if the order got cancelled, it will take a long time for card refund.. terrible envirolment..
app layout is bit confusing at first but found it easier to navigate after some time.
I have sent numerous emails to lazada with regards to a laptop I ordered from them. The first time I sent returned the laptop it had a password on it, my mistake. I quickly emailed them the password. Only to find that the laptop is still being sent back to me as they couldnt see what the issue is. The laptop does not work, it crashes with basic tasks and is extremely slow. It crashed during a lesson while i was teaching. This alone is more than a reasone for me to get my money back..
Product diversified, reasonable prices and good quality products, very enjoyable this online shopping platform..
Most annoying app i ever encounter, auto redirect download even If I cancelled it, still forced you to install, the ads on this app were so annoying why cant cancel it, i hate it everytime it pops out, when i cancel it leads me to google playstore and auto install atleast give respect to those people who dont have interest in this app not all people can appreciate this app.. dont forced me to download its not applicable to all people we have difference choices..
Please create deactivate account option or at least remove phone number option... I once created an account using FB which I had put my phone number there. But now I has created other account and can't activate my Lazada Wallet because I can't remove my phone number in my former account... Only update phone number option available and that doesn't help since I only has one number....I already asked for help but only bot answered :(.
The app is terrible...doesnt respond.. Keeps stopping ..has to be continuously reinstalled....why would you release a crappy app like this if you want sales.
There are lot of negative feedbacks which has 5star ratings. I think someone modifies the ratings for better sale which is unfair. Buyers want to make sure about the items before purchasing and most checked on ratings which is being cheated. Better if you don"t tolerate this kind of activity. Return expenses should also be shouldered by seller to avoid sending incorrect items. Crossed out price for discount is a fraud. Its obviously just a marketing strategy..
I love the idea of no registration. Just basic info and all.boom you can place order and confirm. Thanks.😀.
Ive been using this online shopping app since 2018 and it worked so well but recently just 1 week ago i cant choose cod as a payment method and i dont know why..
One of the best shopping flatforrm simple and easy to use😉.
minus one star because of the bug I found. my cart empty after spend hours filling it. have to kill the app and reopen to see the cart again. and when I browse the shop product till the end, the screen will keep refresh same product as previous screen. but this not always happened..
The app is great. The merchants are another matter. You need to be selective. (Every time when trying to write a shopping review, it felt like a bot was taking over your typing. You lost control of what you were keying in. Very strange experience).
As of this year im very satisfied with this apps..as for sellers in this apps hope they can sell with care for both of their product and buyers.
The app and its company is very disappointing. It was not like this before. The customer service is not cooperative. You cannot return the money you had for Lazada Wallet into your bank account again which is very inconvenient. **uninstall**.
So far so good! 👌☺️ You just have to be extra careful in choosing the righ merchant and check the reviews one by one to avoid unsatisfying experiences. Lazada has been making it easier and more convenient to access a lot of items and sales..
I have been getting emails on offers etc and I tried clicking the UNSUBSCRIBE highlighted word at the bottom of the email only to be sent to the install page of LAZADA in Google play..what a way to prevent/block to unsubscribing to their junk mail...very old school..trying to make it difficult to get out!!.
I purchased 4 items about 2 months ago. I received all 4 items intact & in good condition except for 1 of the 4 items which is a set of 'Tack Life' Power Bank Jump Starter for Automobile that was received incomplete. The AC Adapter Charger that was iincluded n the list was not provided. I sent an email to your Customer Service to report the matter but somehow until this date, I have not receive any respond from your your side. So, can you please expedite this issue & revert to me soonest. TQ..
Products very well space out and well defined,.Made reading and listing much more intelligence ..
Its a good shopping app but its still not the best because you cannot compare products easily but its a pretty good app.
Using Android version. Wrong field labels when adding address i.e. unit no./floor = address, street = postcode.
Easy to navigate and a lot of products found..
Been using it for a long time, it was good until recently it's tracking number function disappear. Not sure what happened but it made it hard for me to track some of my packages. Also needs more function to be added to help users..
I used to love this app however due to the updates that they made, its no longer simple to use. Pictures/pages loads too slow, or worst it will not load at all. Hope they can keep it simple the way it used to be..
Unintuitive app. Removed 'profile' page to avoid reading stores' reputation but instead, added bugs and autoplay videos now. Also, removed legit stores yet keep less reputable stores, and also did not listen to my reported stores for selling fake items like 'Flash Bear' for selling fake Huawei SD cards! It is known as BAIT AND SWITCH! Also, any negative reviews will be removed immediately! Pathetic! Edit: Now improved with clickbaits and flippers! Items that are not available are still listed..
The application centered on the product that you would want to purchase the most, thus not wasting your time on selecting products. It is also ideal for lots of time shopping whenever you feel like since it is just one click away to be logged in!.
I can't browse vape products, some items are not shown. And for some reason search results are so far off from what I'm looking for. Please fix these problems, I prefer Lazada because of faster delivery times but the problems with the app is infuriating, I might just switch to a different one..
The vouchers are not automatically reflecting on checkout after the app update. Please fix this..
Haven't had any trouble using the app yet. Great app! Thanks!.
your app is annoying, the shipping way too slow. slower than turtle..
Items are charged with individual shipping even if boxed in one. Very long deliver hours. Problem resolution is chat representative dependent. Tried chatting since last week for wallet balance reversal and the chat line is always busy. Not willing to pay long distance calls though. Always says you are connected to another device even if am using only 1 mobile to get to a chat rep..
terrrible search functionality. Keeps showing me items unrelated to my search or the same product repeated 1000x Edit: sort capability (eg by price) doesn't work either. edit: reducing rating even further after the redmart integration. Edit: please stop showing me strawberries when i search for cherries. Edit: review system is pointless for most products as vendors just create a new item. Edit: app freezes once a session and needs resetting.
yes this is a good app, but there is a big problem in this app, okay the first is people getting scammed by the sellers in this app, second is this app is very famous in websites click the wrong button and wallah! lazada! and that is annoying, and last thing! the service! why do you even accept fake sellers? scammers? even choosing the delivery service what a failure, well that's all, hope to get better for future updates.
Not user friendly. Difficult to navigate compared to other online shopping applications. Notifications are all over the place and no separate icon or tab for messages. Not sure what the coins are for but seems to be unhelpful..
Unstable and poor system. I have been reporting issues for months like, couldn't collect coins after completing playing the games but seems like no one is looking into the matters at all. Now even worst that I can't even make payment for my purchases, how to even buy from lazada then???.
Easy to access, all items are legit. Two thumbs up..
Incredibly convoluted with signs and whatsoever, ads here and ads there for vouchers and sales and many more. Make it more streamline, I do not understand a single thing.
Payment options are severely limited. If the only payment option available is declined, you're flat out of luck. I just had my card declined because of reasons that were not explained by their help center. They'll give you a highly vague response. Skip this and use a different online commerce service..
The app resets while browsing. It's quite annoying..
My account was stolen for in-app purchases by using my saved credit card information. The financial app alerts that continuous orders. By the way, I calling to callcentre and try to cancel order by myself in immediately. Somehow, they still got a Google Gift Card about 4,000 THB. If you want to use it, please do not store credit card information in the app..
The support team was really bad. Wrote in to enquire about a problem I faced and took 5 days to respond to my problem. Reply was very general and did not solve my problem at all. The app is ok. Service provided by Lazada team needs to be alot more efficient.
Very easy to purchase and more options to pay ..nice😊.
Convenient shopping at your finger tips and with varied choices of products..
Very useful..easy to use.everything I want and need I can find it here...
Easy and fast, reasonable price. Fast payment.
Just recently the app keeps on hanging whenever i check my purchase history. It took very looooong to load the purchase history section. What's happening here? I've been using this app for online shopping for years now. Please rectify this ASAP. Such a hassle for everyone. 😒.
Just want to say something about Laz coins coz don't see the benefit of earning these coins. May be used to redeem some products which are normally fully redeemed although personally don't reckon I'd want these items anyway. Unfortunately, this just doesn't add to the attractiveness of shopping on this app when coins can't be used to directly offset purchases, unlike another competitor's..
Good, need to be strick some post most of the time actual picture its not the same the one received.
not encounter any problem in product s and delivery so for now 5 star ⭐ after about 3 years of using this app.
Convenient online shopping and accommodative sellers(Just watch out for scam seller or items to be sure)..
I can't collect the vouchers anymore since last year. Its sad..
Easy to navigate and has many options of convenience.
the only reason i loaded a big amount on my wallet was to play that balloon game and try my luck.but the game was buggy and i didnt even popped a single balloon.the game register a touch on empty screen and count it as a POP. Nice one Lazada! more reason to switch to other apps.
DONT EVER BOTHER WITH LAZADA COINS IT IS THE ULTIMATE SCAM LAZADA HAS DESIGNED IN THIS APP.cons/ Not enough free voucher/ Coins are useless - free items are gone miliseconds after start/ Coins cannot be used in purchases that you want./ Games as useless as its coins./ Products have same price as sh but beaten by vouchers./ pros/ Not a lot of ads messing with search result./ Easier to use and more organized./ /i want to save money, get better deals, and dont wreak my brain looking for it..
The app is okay at first but after asking for upgrade for so many times it becames too slow and too hassle to use because of the bugs. It keeps on telling me something went wrong.. huhu I can't even use it now because of that problem. 😭😭😭😭.
Notifications are always annoying. I've turned off notifications for recommended sales, etc in the settings (except for order/deliver updates and direct messages/chats) but I still receive intrusive push notifications.
Hello? First you charge a premium over global items, that I understand. Then, comes the search relevancy, I still can understand it's Ad revenue. But what the F is wrong with you? Pushing so many notifications in short span of time. Clean up your act!.
Overall, satisfaction and convenience is my utmost priority. However, there were isolated cases of unscrupulous sellers. I received items which i did not choose, or different from what i was buying -- such as different color without communicating or asking if i like the item to be changed or not..
When viewing items (searched, filtered etc), the sorting is a hit or miss. Doesn't actually tells you how to contact live support, which I think is crucial for an online shopping site. Had to search the internet for this..
Reported two time already. when to make payment network error is prompt. Cannot topup lazada wallet shows 404 page. Some page view in desktop mode. Live chat say in two days can used as usual. already 4 days nothing change problem still occur. From 5 to 1 star..
Very unsecure for topup no pins or otp for added security compared to shopee its more secure for topup and payments using online banks..
I try this application if effective I ordered 3 items 1 mystery box towel and crayon sets let's see if arriving in mark date.
Great App! Great delivery timeline! Great quality items.
Great items!!. . .Easy access to products..
No Dark Theme! + If you have 2 account your search history will be carried over to the other account once you switch account on the app. I search sensitive products on the other account. Stupid and 'intrusive' handling of search results..
Easy, convenient and comfortable to use with wide range of products readily available online.
I would like to report a bug or probably an error. A "failed delivery" order is still in my "To ship" tab but the item has been returned to seller and I have been already refunded of the amount. I don't like that there is another item in there that doesn't actually belong there and is not for ship out because it confuses and annoys me. But also, you do not have a "report bug" in the app.. Plus, you have so many unnecessary promotional features which I think, slowsdown the performance of the app..
Is there a no star rating here cause i want to use it,i wanted to know if the problem in the app like no payment methods or network error can be fixed but no,i see a lot of freaking complaints and all replies from the app is all the fooking same mate lots of people rely on you guys and this happen.if people orders from you guys anf not pay what they order,then make them,make a rule that if people dont pay what they order atleast make them pay the delivery guy.fooking hell mate GG ha!.
I have been buying thru this apps of the things you see on their ads does not always reflect the real thing or what your buying because of the lack of dimensional basis. It will better it they will include this features as basis for right selling and without confusion to the buyer..
Well I'm a heavy online shopper and I find this app to have so many collection of products available compared to other apps. But the only negative is the logistics or the the shipping time it takes to deliver the products or it takes twice the time to be precise. LBC is the slowest partner and J&T is the fastest (assuming they are not doing the trending video circus before)..
Nice app.very satisfied for the product.at its very affordable price!😊.
error during payment, even though signed in with a different account and cellphone.
Fast transaction and easy to access the apps..
I am soo pissed off right now I just can't add my address What's wrong? It says that address length should be 5-350 characters I'm a new user and my experinced is already suck.
Before, I can talk to a Laz specialist but now after I click the chat with live agent, It keeps redirecting to account log in. In my case it was on facebook then after a successful log in your app telling me something went wrong and its your problem not mine as it said.
Please fix issue on your courier. Failed delivery attempt but there never was an attempt. No text no call. It's frustrating because I got my hopes up and waited for the item (I needed it for work btw) only to be asked to fill out a redelivery form?! The courier is LEXPH. Pls do something about that..
I like the platform and the app. But I suggest that you put and show the 'variation' of the item order 'my order' / 'order details'. Ex. I ordered a SHIRT under 'order details' better if I can see and it shows what SIZE I specifically order..
The only thing I don't like in this app is that it doesn't show the correct update time in the Review section of an item and in the Questions section. It always shows recent days even though it was last months..
About My Order list. Hope that Lazada can separate the "Refunded" and "Cancelled" items / list from those "Completed" list. Too many "Refunded" from the Onederful deals, very interrupting..
Reviewing this right before i uninstall it :) Annoying notifications, that i can approve of, but you're too caught up with the Malays thingy, stupid viral things and "viral" people who i don't even know, and it's getting worst. Annoying ads too. Thanks for nothing :).
So love it! But to my experiences. Lazada has SCAM SELLERS! Those that don't reply private messages are scammers. My very first time from TAOBAO COLLECTION! You cannot be able to talk to the seller. I was so very angry at that time. To return is so hassle, what can I do? I can't talk to them anywhere. My hateful experience! I would rather purchase to those low class online seller, they are honest, what you see is what you get. Don't try TAOBAO COLLECTION! I wasn't only the one! 🤨.
Very bad user experience! Lock my account without proper explanation! I've been with this app for years and have to say that!.
Super super beautiful of this app. You can find the beautiful dress what you want.
It's too long too wait while uploading photo in refund. Please fix.
Not to sound like a prude, but listings for adult products such as condoms and sex toys should be hidden by default. I'm seeing a bunch of them front and centre even though I haven't really enabled mature content at all as there is apparently no such setting..
Can't even write a product review properly because it keeps erasing my typed message and then putting it back and it keeps doing that repeatedly and its very annoying! This app is also very cluttered so its hard to find things.
After the update the app is not good enough. You can't view the customers review on a certain product. How can you buy an item if you can't even see their comments on the review section. The app become complicated to use. Good thing shopee is still easy to use and you can see the reviews as well..
COD MODE OF PAYMENT IS ALWAYS NOT AVAILABLE. ITS BECOME USELESS NOW. IN TWO WEEKS TIME IF COD WILL NOT BECOME AVAILABLE I BETTER CLOSE MY ACCOUNT..
Please make the buyer review more and put more photos of the things they bought. That way its easier to make decision. The apps a little bit messy. Please organise it better. Claimed free shipping voucher and it went missing the next day when I want to use it?? Finish?? Hello??? Shopee is doing a much better job than you are. More frequent free shipping, more reviews with photos made shopee much much more enjoyable to use..
Easy to use. Unlike Shopee, the phone verification process sucks. I can't use my existing number thus can't buy the products but the Lazada app has its downside, it's slow. This also happens on the web. Must be the server side..
Keep getting spam/unwanted notification from lazada app, even though i have unchecked the push notification. Need to block from Android OS. Why the norification setting is not working? I indicated that I want notification about my own order only, i dont want to be spammed with random top selling products. Please fix this issue..
Very slow withdrawal from LAZADA wallet. Withdrawal approved by LAZADA by 29th Sep, contact 2 times with CS because not receiving fund in 4 to 7 working days as stated in the withdrawal page, but the CS only said will revert to relevant department. After so many day until today, 19th Oct, a CS called me by phone and told me my withdrawal need to be approved by higher management due to high amount and the higher management will call me within 1 week. How long do I need to wait for my withdrawal?.
If you encounter a problem in your purchases. You can only contact an automated chat support. Live agents' intervene only when it's beyond the time frame of delivery. Uninstalling..
Too many messages the seller sends you and you did not even subscribe to them. Waste of time deleting them. Sometimes i get 15 messages of useless stuff..
Great shopping app, easy to use, I love it..
Okay for the most part except when I filter my search to NCR there are entries "fulfilled overseas" that still show up..
First time user . No problem as instructions are quite clear !.
As of now no hassle encountered, just misleading ads about the products by some seller.
First timer, quite blur. Actually still don't know how to use the app and reap benefits. Eg. I wanted to buy 2 different items from the same company but after placing order for 1, I was forced to make payment and ended my purchase. Anyway, there's always learning along the way. Thanks..
Recent update has caused many issues. Redmart now loads like a desktop browser in the mobile app. Sometimes it doesn't load at all. Also payment mode changes will error out. Please fix..
Updated review: app logged me out and I can't log back in properly even if verification codes are sent correctly. I'm not the one losing money if I don't get to purchase so I don't know what goes on with the developer's thought process.
Recently is bad. The price has error. After i added to chart, then the price become more expensive. But before I added to chart the price is lower. Why is this happened? Previously doesn't has this issue..
Could someone help me please? I wanted to change my cellphone number in my account since its no longer active and i didn't have email that time when i make my lazada account when i wanted to change the contact information it says send code to the inactive phone number, how and what will i do? Lazada help center cannot help at all since im talking to a robot chat.
This is my first time, kung sakali mang makarating na sa akin yung mga inorder ko, sana good items... First impression is lasting.. Remember.. Thank you. Keep up the good work..
Legit! And enjoyable and true itemsand original items satisfying 100 surenesss.....
Amazing! Great shopping experience!Convenience!.
Very useful app. It suits me like i having a child who needs baby essenstials..
Support only Live Chat, wasted time fix problems! No voucher with minimum spend, Lazcoins wasted! (Shopee better responsible for refund. Shopee coins save costs too!) Lazada suit for scams! No punishment bad sellers sending wrong bad products, gave me troubles! Lazada no cover costs for return! Must spent more than $5 to return for Refund, depending on weight! Help buyers suffered more losts! No options suit for buyers! Not worth to send back! - Devil World to great! Only can give bad reviews..
it would beo most useful if lazada can also have landscape view. It is so inconvenient to have to put the tablet in an upright position, when or while using it in lanscape mode. it also has a lot of annoying messages and this clutters my inbox and messabe box.
YES, I want to close your app when I press back. Don't ask me for confirmation to close since there's a lot of Google ads from the browser automatically open your app. Fix it!.
I am surprised by the customer chat support capability. They told me to wait since the issue (unable to pay via Lazada wallet) will be escalated and after an hour, working great. Very happy with this app. But i have a question, is there any other country from which your products are from, like Thailand, Indonesia, south korea, vietnam, etc? As I see it, all products all comes from either philippines or China. Is there any way to include products from other countries?.
The voucher you gave doesn't work. Double checked it. Triple checked it. 2 persons already double checked it. Copy/paste it. It does not work. Tried contacting customer care, but can not get anyone anymore but Cleo, who is just limited to shipping and returns concerns only. Tried to reply to the email you sent with the voucher, and the only reply I got was that the issue was resolved. I have screenshots of the code in the apply code box and says it is invalid. And it was before the expiry date!.
The app was ruined by the update if you press a specific product you can no longer see the pictures of the product.
Love this app. So many free vouchers that I really enjoy..
Poor shopping experience with cash lock settings, couldn't withdraw my money from lazada wallet. Not user friendly..
Please fix your App Metro Manila- Taguig Barangay Maharlika Village, Taguig City Still Unserviceable until now. No follow up on your team. How can we place our order if we cant add our address in the App. Try to Check it Ok..
Too hard to get a connection. Loading and only white page. while in Shopee I can still see the product or page even in a state of unstable internet connection. In this situation, Shopee is better..
Worst upgrade in the history haha They probably don't allow you to see messages during live streaming for purposes of the Guess It game..
The search engine is gettng worst, always show unrelated items in search result, waste user times (since Lazada was launch, NEVER intend to fix / solve this BIG problem). if give honest with pros n cons item review after purchase, Lazada have option to reject your review, mean they want you to give "nice positive" FAKE review to let Lazada customer think the product is good quality..
Can you please create a search function for orders? Very frustrating to find old orders..
Very very serious payment issues, maybe the recent updates messed up the system. Gonna have to use other alternatives instead. Like what others say, payment error is like a daily occurrence now..
Uninstall for the second time due to the annoying notification. Don't generate the notification so frequently for f sake.
Its amazing but the reason i gave it 3 stars was because there were s*x items my little sister and my little cousin downloaded this app and they asked me what there were i just said it was for parents only to know.
One of the best shopping apps in the Phils. It never disappointed me so far..
its really good to shop all items I want. love this apps! specially this pandemic no need go to the shopping mall,its very convenient and useful. the seller was good and the delivery man was nice and kind. 5 star for this apps! thanks！.
my lazwallet is stuck and vouchers cannot be use, maybe it is just for display for us to use their app.
Lazada was overall an okay app. But coupons are very hard to come by. No cash back offers nor free shipping. If you compare it with another Online shopping platform like Shopee I get more discounted rates there and for some reason shipping rates at Lazada is wayyyyy to high! Hell I can get shipping for 60 to 80 pesos at Shopee but Lazada's shipping in the Philippines? Php282! What's the deal with that? and I hope you can use your Lazada coins to pay for your order as well..
Great app! Provides convenience to buyers and sellers.
Easier way to shipping here. The apps also easier to used. Keep it up 😉.
Very easy to use, and full of good deals!.
So much notification spam and it's all horrible like "hey you have a missed call", "oh no you have an error". Uninstalled.
Good i really like it its a bit glitchy sometimes but really nice i gto my dream game pokemon shield thx to this app i dont need to go to the mall and search for it.
Slow and full of craps and ads. It displays that i have 1 message but when i open it, nothing. The false notification was purposely made to bait people to buy buy buy. Shopee's app is ten times better!.
Latest version is very slow to load. Loading vouchers section is impossible. Tried for many days but unable to load vouchers. Please fix this problem asap..
The platform overall has gone down hill, and the desperation of their marketing team shows. Relying on annoying redirecting ads, false advertisements, borderline scammy word-of-mouth methods, every bad marketing trick in the book, you name it, its here..
full of unsolicited advertisement, while warching on youtube and facebook your advertisements keep on popping, even when om playing games. you should resolve that, its been always that way, even while browsing your advertisements blocks the websites,.
It so annoying! I want to talk with their agent unfortunately the app freeze after how many attempt! And it is really hard to communicate with them!.
Though this app is amazing and easy to use, however, Lazada should review their seller. Sometimes you can buy a good quality prods but sometimes they are only good in pictures and description. Meaning some are poor quality products. Hope Lazada should take action on this part..
It's fine very easy to pick the item you wants..
Easy to use, order and transaction detailed.
Very mobile, user friendly and easy to use.
Been using this app for more than 2 years now. The only defect in this compare to shopee app was that customer cannot view their rating from the sellers. Other than that lazada delivery men are more polite, approachable and easy to deal with. So from 3 star to 4 star 🌟 now.
Boo! They removed the location filter. I always prefer to buy from a local seller and now that is VERY difficult!.
I can't seem to use the new wallet feature. When I try to activate my e-Wallet it says my phone number is linked to another account. But other than that, everything's working well..
This app is really useful my mom likes this app because you can add all your shopping and it's fast fast just click urder now and now it's there im your door but i hade just one thing that I don't like in this app it's the notification bell because every day i use my phone the notifications always ring that's why I just rate it 3......
I like this app online shopping more than any other, it's the only apps I trusted more than a year,,because all my transactions and orders are has a good condition,packaging and the delivery man treatment for the customer is good,and also the seller was accommodating..
I am experiencing difficulty in purchasing lately because it seems the app is responding more slowly. I am also having a hard time topping up my lazada wallet because it's not accepting transfers from my bank account..
Any person will say the same thing,it's easy to use,not too complicate to set went you want to shopping online.This application are really great for me.Good job!.
I installed the new version/ update today and it keeps refreshing when im browsing through flash sales and sales for today only 😔 sana maayos before mag11.11 sale.
Very helpful when it comes in purchasing stuff. Legit items, 100 authentic and well package delivery. It's just some of the stores take a lot of time to deliver some items especially when the items are rewards from Lazcoin. Still a 5 star for me. Good job Lazada ♥️.
This is a great app for buying nearly everything! Dry food, electronics, ant killer, etc. First, the app is in Thai, but the language can be changed after account creation..
This app used to be ok. Now it's acting up like not showing any pictures of the item or sometimes the whole page of items. Update: still the same problem..
So much cool stuffs and friendly seller.. very nice app.. 😊.
Very responsive and the items I ordered were all good so far.😊👍👌.
Easy to use and navigate. Fast to load..
Great app. But, pls make the coins easier to collect, like by tapping it, its already collected, not like in video games where you tap it, it takes you to another page..
I have been using the app for years but recently, they started using abbreviations that I dont know and dont understand in the tracking details. This makes tracking purchases really confusing.
Very cluttered app. Needs to be cleaned up and decuttered. The tracking tells me to use a separate website with no link to it when I eventually found the website it tells me to use the app..
There are sellers who do not follow instructions. There also those who don't accept that they were wrong with what they delivered. But those are only few. Hope you pay attention in all our concerns. But In general i love using this app.
Nice App, seller should be aware of all the information of products is correct. "what you see is what you get". Based on customers reviews. Some sellers not following what customers needs..
If u let us disabled the promotions push notifications, u sure get back 5 star, I know u have put the option there, but we just unable to untick it, it's a bug or for hidden advertisement purpose whatsoever I don't care, we got the right to disable it.
The text box pop up at the pic of item really annoying. How can suppose want to clearly see the picture when the text box always block our sight?.
so good!keep up the work...and promise me to improve the stabilization of this app, specially to those who have low end devices..thank you!and also please make a toggle for blocking sex products, my mom have seen it when i browse its so embarassing, she saw the d**** huh whatever...just improve youre app ok.
I really like this app, low-cost Shipping fee and so easy to use 💓.
No issues before they changed the features. No option to filter items from country of origin, which forces me to look through hundreds of items I have no interest in. Ridiculous!.
why I can't access the lazcoin section and also before that my coins turn to zero balance and now can't access it.
Really good app If you can not go out side this helps you buy stuff online.
Funny service provider. We have cash and we have Vietnamese online banking. But from their 6 payment options, no one works!.
Super efficient. Less hustle with this online app. Love it 😊.
Great Deals! Very Convenient. Thank You Lazadaaaaaaaaa.
Lot of things to browse thru, some are same from different sellers but price very much different. Really very time consuming to see thru to get the best deal. I would say, a lot of interesting stuff..
Is it just me? Every update of this app makes it heavy and slow to load, I thought it should be the vice versa. Thanks God, now it is not loading the items inside. More update please..
This app is addcting. It makes life easier for everyone, especially on times like this where going out to go the public places is highly discouraged if at all possible. Keep it up!.
I'm experiencing slow loading of the app. I uninstall and reinstall the app and lessened the notification and alerts, still so slow in loading and often the app won't open.
This apps is good and very useful for me specifically this year because of pandimic.no need to go out, go to malls to find quality item, here we have so many items to order, but sad to say many of customer not satisfied of their order.they have a problem of their item received. In picture is good but after you received it the item is not the same, but not all the item here in Lazada is not good quality, just only the others. I give 4 stars😊😊thank you LAZADA.
Prices are almost if not more expensive found in malls, they also have an unskippable ads within their ap what's up with that, I dont mind if you put products on top of the search list but when you put an unskippable block on the user thats just a stupid design decision..
What happened to this app? Everytime I click on something it just returns a white page even though loading has completed. Actions include tapping on any push notification, viewing reviews, checking my cart, viewing products. this is frustrating..
Top up Lazada wallet but can't set up PIN to make payment. No response from customer service too..
Too small font. Can't enlarge with my device..
Nice apps and have very good products, more power and blessings, Godbless..
Easy to use, wide choices, always fun to shop.
You are driving me crazy by sending so many promotions and prompts via the app. It's so distracting and annoying! There's no setting to stop so many prompts, it's harassment! Stop it!.
There are times that the reviews are not showing when you check the product. It's confusing because the preview says otherwise. Wish you could fix that problem..
Worst app. After checking out it asking email when I give email. It says wrong. I have tried lot of times same is issue occurring. Rectify it soon or else I'll simply change the app.
Super easy to order. And the item was so nice..
I love this kind of shopping and it's so helpful for me to buy. I enjoy buying products in lazada. Lowest price, good quality nothing else to say.. Perfect!!.
Good apps for shopping... Very useful to me no time going to shop/market.
Fast delivery. The item functions well..
Such a great app for buying products! Thumbs up!.
This App is helpful. It would look elegant if it's in Dark Mode on your next update..
I've been using this app so good. I love it. My only concern is I hope i can choose the Courrier... I dont like the current Courrier in our area . They dont deliver. And they are so late..
Love it! Very convenient shopping. Online Shopaholic, tsk..
Easy browsing, easy purchase. If you cannot control yourself, you will purchase everything you wanted from the app itself!.
I love Lazada because I can pay at 7-eleven. I don't mind walking to the store since I don't have card. But now you disabled that so I give 4 stars. T T.
Love Lazada, since before.all of my family member using this App. It's really convenient, and easy to shop. And trustworthy seller.in courier. Thank you Lazada App..
I always had a good quality and smooth transactions.. I much prefer lazada than other shopping apps. Keep it up!.
veru helpfull store,may use in this days in pandemic days,i am using this product to buy my things take note withoutDamage or any issue.
App is okay, but dont use your international card.Really bad conversion rates, about 5percent mark up bec of that.
Don't believe when Lazada says they will give big discounts using your Lazada Wallet. On 11.11 I was not able to use the collected 1,111.00 supposedly big discount when you checkout with total amount of purchase of 12,000.00. I tried it 3x but to no avail. It's a false ad. I hope DTI will do somerhing about it. Much better if you use the COD system..
Easy to use and very convenient way of shopping.
Don't have Withdraw Cash Money back to bank function, your money is kept at their E-Wallet and forced to buy and use on their app. that's our money, the withdraw money back to Bank function is a Must! Shopee is doing lots more better nowaday!.
I'd say update kind of sucks! Whenever I try to play Laz City and try to click the building to get the coins it always warns that "Network error,please try again later.😞😞😞.
You need a new UI designer. Also, reviews & Q&A's don't load half the time. And then the messaging page is so confusing. Too many promo notifications hindering actual communication with vendors..
Very convenient to use for on-line payment...Love it ! The best part is able to collect from Collection-point, a plus point here...a distinct advantage over delivering to home - discreet n privately ensured....
I like this lazada app not bugging unlike shopee. But i dont like the Shipping fees its too Expensive/not accurate unlike shopee. My complains here is the shipping fees(add some Free delivery sometimes)hehe. still love this apps. I wish its like Lazada before the shipping fees is (50pesos/free) than today. Anyways Godbless you lazada..
App is very glitchy as other users already mentioned and it won't let you dislike products that you don't want to see anymore and no way to cancel your order when the items are packed by the seller even if it's taking forever to for lazada courier team to pickup the parcel 😤 from the store..
Quality, on time and easy ordering with Amendments.
It's very nice and there items are all in good condition 😇.
Too hard to navigate. App is too crowded..
Hey Lazada can you fix how the address information is joined, baranggay appears to be the province. It should be [barangay], [city/municipal], [province]. It's very simple!.
"Dark mode", please. The app is straining to our eyes! Please put a function to pay a pre COD orders via scan code with Paymaya, GCash and others..
Other apps give more free shipping coupons and free coins ALL the time.
Poor interface design, app designer has no emphasis on end user experience. App provides link to track shipment site only, unable to track shipment upon clicking the link. Worst part is tracking number can't be copied from lazada apps..
The app has too many functional problems to list here. Widespread inaccurate, incomplete, deceptive product photos, descriptions, and details. BUYER BEWARE..
I got spam unstop. The spam not stop sending the link about bitcoins. I believe it was send to phising our banking information. I try to find the problem. Then I unistall the app, the spam stop. Please arrest third-party in your company or it will put more spam in your app. Please. I like your app..
The sad part about this online shop is that they don't have a withdrawal option in case you wanted to cash out your funds in Lazada wallet. I'm a huge customer of Lazada but it'll be changed if di sila magprovide ng withdrawal feature if there are times na magchange of mind ka ng pagorder after cashing in since nakahanap ka ng mas cheaper or faster delivery of the same item elsewhere. If they have put that feature wala ka ng hahanapin pa!.
I like thier offers but there is one problem i encountered when i uninstalled the app coz i reset my phone i cant download it again but when i deleted shopee it download. Something fishy hahaha.
Awesome! When i need something I cannot find in the Dept. Store, I find it here! And delivered to your house in time! Thanks Lazada!.
It's great, with the exception of fraudulent sellers..
Excellent...👍👍👍👍😜😜😜😜This app very easy to use placement order and payment method.
This app is a marketing tool with advertising dominating every page. Good to contacting suppliers but Lazada make it very difficult to get any support when there is a problem..
Lazada share pocket is too unfair. I've advertised to 60 people including newcomers, new account creators but still can't reach the RM 100 mark. Needed an extra RM 1 but had all efforts wasted. Very frustrated.
Been using this for a long time and prefer this over Shoppee. However I just switched to Pixel 4a Android 11 and app keeps throwing 'network error' when attempting to make payment!!!.
Please fix the refund/return page. I had been going back and forth to this page for the nth time. System lagged whenever photos are being uploaded..
Cannot claim coins after done the mission. Cannot claim the voucher in HAPPY BOUNCE as well....
Very accomodating.. highly recommended items and well packed. Very friendly c Kuya driver na nagdedeliver door to door❤️🤩🎉..
great apps, but sometimes always appearing when looking at browser its annoying, i cant focus on browsing site..
Quite seamless shopping experience even on 11.11!.
The Item arrived home is in good condition and it arrives early than the ETA.
Fast delivery and item received in good condition..
Could you also make your app looks simple and easy to use like your counterpart online shopping app. The colors/graphics/fonts/ everything, is not good in the eye..
No hassle to complain and always get the follow up if theres an issues. Returning broken or wrong item always easy rather than the other site that always blaming and blaming and to no avail to solve. This apps much better in term of customer service..
I have one item, App said it delivered on 23 Aug, but until today ( 1Sep), I still haven't see the item, and asking for review, I give 5 star last time, now no star, I think your system problem, hope not to uninstall it..
You already run tons of ads while using the app but you still have the audacity to add a 3 second ads on and start up? 1/5 Stars. Not to mention, your greedy and slow logistics. Compared to your competitor. Free shipping most of the time and fast shipping overseas or locally..
Lazada is already a big app among online shoppers but seriously you have to update the system or software, it keeps lagging and i dont like the fact that pages layer over one another. Do better.
It keeps loading when redirects to merchant site after completing the payment.
Good selling price for the item in the shop that we have not received from amazon 9 yet and it seems they have been working charged on our last purchase two weeks before we purchased it from eBay but last night we had a refund and from what we have seen on the eBay website it says the item has arrived at in our eBay address and we have already sent ordered from item items in order for our item to be shipped as directly as the item is faulty and the item the item is missing in the order of the it.
I haven't use the app yet for ordering online, but I think it's very convenient to use this app..
Payment couldn't get through, despite with the voucher grabbed. Delivery fee was charged for those purchases supposed to be free delivery..
It keep saying error when I trying to buy a load using my credit card😡.
Its a clean UI, hope it can be more cleaner. I mean simplicity and dark mode option. Also data saver mode can be helpful here and option for disabling auto play of videos when browsing items..
Only if the coin reward system is as easy to use as their competition. Will give 5* when that happens..
This App helps me a lot! So Convinient and useful especially in this time of pandemic!!! Long Live😉😊🤗.
the app is greate, but installment plan option is kinda hard for me i dont have bdo and the no credit card option has only 50,000LazadaWallet purchase limit it wont allow 51k+ purchase, i suggest put homecredit option for only philippine sellers.
Very very good for finding every item you need.
Its annoying again when you press your phone back button to exit the app and it ask you "Are you trying to exit the app? ". It is inconvenient in a small way..
Have some issue with the limit of the prepaid top up its 1 time pre day for a single phone number is not very convenient, I hope it change the limit around 3 time a day..
At Lazada no problems when it comes to the ordered or purchase items. Delivery is well handled and packed..
Here i downloaded, nice ads forcing to open play apps and asks to download.
A great mobile app for online shopping..
this shopping app is one of the best for me. Including their Lazmall, where legit items can be found. An assurance of good quality and responsible sellers. Shop at Lazmall or get your money 2times. Thumbs up!.
Shopping made easy and affordable..
For some reason I can't see the reviews even if there's 200+ already sold and there should be at least 1 single review but it won't let me see it this only happens since the 9.9 sale I hate to install and uninstall repeatedly to use this app so please fix it.
Unable to get code to change to a new number.
I can't play funfarm and it shows that there is an error in the third party network; however, i can play lazgame just fine?.
alright i admit the app is good BUT The advertisement is SUPER DUPER ANNOYING.like seriously Every time im watching movie or drama on google chrome its pop out then its so hard to turn back like hard hard.just idk what to do but its getting on my nerve for sure already..
Can you please minimize the Lazada ads everywhere? It might be just on browser because almost all of the sites I'm going, Lazada suddenly just redirect me to Playstore, its way intrusive. Please..
Easy to use and it contains detailed information. Happy to use the app and thank you..
Easy payment process and lots of reward..
It is very convenient to purchase variety of products at one place..
Search function can still be improved, either too many false positives or too narrow results sometimes ex PSU vs power supply..
Slow loading even though my internet connection is fast. The notifications from packages seem to be late. I hope they'll fix it..
Please ensure sellers at your app selling the item with ready stock. I helped to purchase on behalf of other, using my online banking. After some time get the notification at the app there saying out of stock, and my money stuck at the Lazada ewallet. (An old adult, I always get the money back from him after goods delivered safely)..
Generally good but my app at this time tells me that I have a package yet to be delivered but it's wrong. Please add the ability to delete old orders and notifications..
Superb. Easy to. Use. Lot of selections.
TERRIBLE!!! CAN NOT BUY ANYTHING. ADD ITEMS TO CART, GO TO CHECKOUT, ENTER CC INFORMATION .... **WEBPAGE NOT AVAILABLE** WORST SHOPPING APP I'VE EVER USED. ACTUALLY WORST SHOPPING APP THAT CAN NOT BE USED IF THERE WERE .. O STARS .. THAT WOULD BE THE RATING. DOES NOT DESERVE 1 STAR.
App won't let me change the phone number as my new number had already been registered by its previous owner 😡.
Fisrt time user. Find great! So convenient!.
Ur ads are everywhere at the net and its disrupting out web surfing, your ads are misplaced and when I click on anything, I got dragged here, installed this just to comment..
Promos doesn't seems really sincere since most products I see in the market are actually cheaper than the price after promo in Lazada tbh (e.g. a certain antiseptic that starts with Dxxxxx n plenty more), the rewards we get from spending times playing their games r kinda pathetic too (dun get me started with the withdraw money game), all n all the reason I'm still using it is cuz I'm sorta tied to my work n dun have much time to do shopping recently, prolly stop using it after busy season ended.
Every time I open Lazada app, why the app TMall send me notification? I hope developers will solve it..
Filled with ads and clickbaits. Keeping it short it's really like that. Even when you don't use it, notifs disturb me the most.
It's great and hassle free shopping!❤❤❤❤.
Got the stuff i ordered but their ads work like a virus that forces your phone to go to their page in play store. Will only use for freebies..
Everything is ok but your payment system always have error.
Nice and easy to used... Marami kapang mapagpipilian products..
Please fix when clicking production top image not shows it direct to review section.
What's wrong with the update?i can't view my orders even though i have a stable connection ... it's frustrating please fix it!.
Please fix your app to stop web links from forcing your app to open on my device. It is a horrible security risk. It shows that your app is easily hijacked..
I hate your fake discount. I already know my item is rm30. Now I got the notification, it say "my wishlist have a discount" so I check my wishlist. My item rm30, price before is rm70. It's not a discount, is a same price..
It was actually not bad I wanted to give three stars instead of five is because constant notification as soon as I open my phone the notification start flooding in, every time I order something it double the price, maybe because of delivery and tax..
Search results algorithm horrible. Awkward search filter options. App mostly webpage based. Fixed on portrait mode. Thousands of pirated items..
Very fast delivery and best product for money..
I like Lazmall compared to what is offered by the competing app. UI is not so hard to understand but could be improved..
I hate the games,, no use at all... The products that you sell to exchange for the coins is more expensive than buying it on a flash sale. Coins are useless....
I've awesome experience since use this app. The best choice for shopping. But plese add more time for flash sale.
Please tell your UI/UX team to implement item availability filter for the love of God. Hate to click into multiple items that are all out of stock; waste of time. APP has been out for years but lack basic functionality..
Impossible to search it keeps saying unusual traffic and impossible to contact support. What a waste of time I used to order a lot now I've had enough with the slow site that keeps blocking me and the general poor customer support.
It has a lot of notifications that is annoying.. some links are not working properly like the page for collecting coins and the top up page..
Purchase history doesn't update since last update. Purchases appear on email but doesn't reflect on the in-app purchase history list. So frustrating..
Recently kept on getting this annoying pop-up message asking "SSL certificate is invalid, whether to continue access?" [CANCEL] [ CONTINUE].
Good shopping app. I love super brand day. In this platform there are many professional sellers that I trust. Till today I bought almost 90 items in LAZADA. Keep up the good work..
Fast delivery, well packed and good price..
I can't select the number of items I'd like to have when I add to cart. Can only do it at the cart page itself which is abit of a hassle..
Enjoy shopping , convenient and cheap price.
very good,i can buy any items that i like in very cheap price..so worth it! it's easy to use this apps!.
Great job LAZADA. Your UI is far better compared to previous years. It's significantly faster as well..
Excellent! I ordered laptop for my nephew in the Phillipines and it's easy to use and safe. Codes were sent and to be verified before they charge my card..
Lots of offerings and caters to various levels of needs But LAZADA needs to weed out false marketing products and fake products. Why can I not transfer the app to the external storage this should be made available..
I love to use Lazada app to purchase stuff online because I can get discount for the items I want. Lazada apps is very easy to use, browse and purchase. I love it. I also recommend my family member to use Lazada app to purchase stuff online..
A little difficulty in the beginning but need to include the discount automatically would be good..
Love it. Fast. Reliable. Just don't buy on shops with no reviews or sold items you won't have problems..
Generally comprehensive, but at times certain account pages take a long time to load - and then never appear - for no reason..
My issue not being able to delete items from my wishlist has been resolved..
Even with a stable and fast fiber connectuon, this app has gotten slow. I have not been able to see any reviews, q&a, and navigating to seller etc..
App font is generally TOO SMALL. Make the app more relaxing to the eyes to use, will you?.
Randomly refreshes to home menu while browsing through flash sale items.
Great Ecommerce Apps, Much better than others..
Easy and Fast! Very convenient!.
Add Pricing history. Seller will mark up the prices during a sale. Instead of getting an actual discounted price buyer's are still paying the whole price..
No problem from the apps but only from the product it sells.
Good just make sure all the seller follow the rules and be very responsive to the clients, also before proceeding to sending the items makes sure to check first the items properly. thank you.
Cheap and quick. App using English is a big of a mix of English and a little Thai. That should be fixed..
Very intuitive and easy to navigate or search for very much most of my needs. So far been very satisfied with this online shopping platform..
easy to shop online. saves time. But be aware of sellers that sell fake items. There's lots of them especially from overseas...
Absolutely horrible. The system is convoluted and misleading. Responses are automated and does not address your concerns. Vouchers don't work despite being on the app. Disappointing.
Since 9.9 sale, i cant check out items on my cart. It says theres an error on your part, Please try again later. I reinstalled and still the same problem occurs.
App is not that secure. Has no one time pin. Has no information on devices logged in and where it was logged in. Lazada should use a Two Factor Authentication when logging in, and even when placing an order for security..
Love this app😍 convinient during pandemic and lucky to found my needs in a cheaper price but have a quality product😊 stay safe everyone😘😘.
Very irritating notification. Already disable but still have it in the apps. Always thought new notification but its nothing new amd appear on the apps. Can you removed it amd onlt appear when new notif8cation like delivery status?.
I like this app convenient and easy to use you just need to be more careful when buying online make sure you buy from a trusted seller have a good ratings and reviews to avoid getting scam the currier of this app is nice i always received my order in good condition.
Slow loading items, I check size of application about > 500mb, what??? What do you build with.apk? shelters of goods from china that are ugly and not responsible.
Can't remove anything from wishlist. Max reached. Please fix..
First i like the service but now as i watch on social media there are lots of complain about the pakage, and keep tracking location , and also it's a adware its a kind of virus. Why Google playstore still allow this app here it's to annoying ..
at first transaction, quite hard to find the payment method. it is not as usual method on other applications. but then it is understandable..
Can't upload images when making reviews. Fix it! You keep making updates but have never fixed this issue. Useless updates!.
Good shopping platform. Just filled with annoying coin system since recent update. Wish there was an option to disable the entire coin farm thing..
the interface is messy and all over the place. there seem to be bugs in the shipping receiving options. horrible experience for me..
Tooooo many advertisement via message, alert & promo lately. So i change Shopee become 1st priority..
So far so good for this app! Just hope there would be more common warehouses so to lessen the deli fee when purchases are coming from different buyers..
Ever since using this, I've tried filtering my search location to just local sources. But there are still items in the search result that are shipped from overseas. Check Shopee, they did filtering right..
So far, i had the best aftersales experience from this platform. Keep it up! Found the better deals near. Maybe not necessary be cheapest..
So exciting ang app na to, parang taguan lang go lazada keep on improving,.
Sometimes good, sometimes bad. Its normal because of the sellers who are not reliable. At least I was able to refund my money when I got a bad item. So far you are rendering good services. Congratulations..
I am very happy and satisfied with Lazada online shoppjng and its apps. Lazada offers nice and affordable product lines and delivery is very good also. I have not experience getting free items or very good discounts nor free shipping bcoz my Lazada wallet is empty🙂. Keep up the good work Lazada.
Something wrong with the App. I can't load some pages. Can't view the wallet and coin pages..
Bring back the ability to copy paste the order and tracking number from the app. Current update removed it nd it is difficult to track orders from the respective courier sites.
In app games buggy, causes electronic distortion noise to intermittently sound. No fix for really long, I've observed this problem for 6 months already.
After I had bought something, I had to unintall it. Because it will constantly send promotion every time I connect internet. It's very annoying".
Why does our location is not available, it's almost a year and still our location is not valid? Wow, where's the fairness of your services?.
Very easy, user friendly app. Goods are received on time, in good condition and as advertised..
Its so good and should be more viewed as good for shopping i love it! I bought a drone and its coming :D.
It does not translate everything to English. I cannot copy and past the words during product description to Google translate, either. Because I want to read about the products..
Great apps. I can find anything that in this app. The price is more lower. I love this apps. Thank you lazada.
The app is good, but it should have also a dark theme especially when browsing at night to lessen the eye strain. Thank you.
Really easy to use and the postage is more cheaper than shopee👍🏼.
Its definitely convenient but the app design can be improved for better user experience..
Very user friendly procedures in buying..
Cant setup wallet pin. Verification process failed n looping.
Needs to update it's search engine and reduce spam.
Fast and safe delivery and very good quality service..
Difficult to go to desired page. Too much links which goes to the same page but difference name ..
i cant see the reviews and other information that i need,, the update is so horrible, please fix it,,.
This app is so hard to use when you apply your address always invalid but its not i hate this app.
When I play the share pocket...the tips to win is "SHARING THE SHARE POCKET TO FRIEND" when I share the Share Pocket...my balance not increase...so is this bug or what?.
There is always a problem with lazada From not being able to use any voucher, to all of the sudden cannot use the payment method because insufficent funds eventhough just yesterday you already topup,the customer service is good but the system here is bad,wouldnt ever recommend this to anyone again.I've been dealing the voucher problem for a month now,and nothings changed..
Very helpful and easy to use during this times.
App is SO SLOW. It's so hard to check and track orders since you have to navigate to multiple pages which takes a LONG TIME TO LOAD..
What happen to the app, all of the ratings and reviews of the items was 0 even some of them have sell a thousands of pieces. Please fix it immediately.
Well, my experience was okay. The process was straightforward, and the products did arrive as per schedule..
Takes a long time for the Lazada wallet to be loaded compared to shopee. I tried to send money to my lazada wallet but it was only added the next day when it only takes a few minutes to load my shopee account. Makes me worry if something went wrong when I sent the money to lazada..
A bug when you internet is good and fast and it says please check your connection and try again. Please fix that bug and ill be changing from 2 to 5..
Slow and expensive delivery, delivery price shown at product page changes once they know your location.. Item prices are not really cheap, . App also hangs a lot...
Best shopping apps than others. Simple and convenient. Most important customer service is more caring than others. Thumbs-up..
More Discount. Promos. Free Shipping. & Reliable. Authentic Sellers. thanks.
so far so good.. so many improvements. i used to shop on Lazada, than I used Shopee. Now I use both. 😂 Some things I can't find on Lazada. Some things I can't find on Shopee. But still I love to shop and browse from both apps. 👍🏻👍🏻 Good job Lazada.. 👏🏻👏🏻.
Easy to use, but need to be careful because some descriptions are misleading..
Why is it hard to upload videos and pictures. You want us to give feedbacks to your items. But everytime i try to upload always fails.
Good prices, quite fun to use..
I bought an item using this apps. When i wanted to check my delivery status, loading page was taking too long, only white page is shown up. so i couldn't see my purchase progress..
Easy to use even not too user friendly for the new user. I like it because it is not keep hangging when the apps take a long time to loading..
I cannot log in or even sign up, something is wrong with this app, i tried uninstalling it then install but same thing happen..
Pls review your search options. I clicked on ncov full protection and what came out was mobile phone protection. And there so many more. If you could fix it I'll give 5 stars..
Ads all over the net. Uninstalling it cuz not much helpful and ads are deym too much. I know it wont help on ads issue but Ijust dont wanna support it anymore..
I like it. I'm exciting in every order. It really help me doing my shopping. Keep up the good works!.
Good job! This app helps a lot, but make sure to check and clear all details of every items you deliver..
Easy to use generally ; screen design has improved but can still be confusing..
I hate your company so much ! Because of your advertisment.so many advertisment ! Thats how you promote your company making people anoyying ? I cant even watch movie in google or link bcause of your apps ! Need to exit the apps many times ! Stop advertising ! Never ever buy in lazada really anoyying as hell.. stop advertising fix it !!!.
All in Thai, not workable for English only people..
Broken application. The picture suddenly disappear when I open that.
Been using this app and it's really helpful. But my only problem is my oders. Even if the oders already arrived it's still in the "to receive" section and I can't put my review on that item..
Smooth transactions. Problems are resolved quickly. But the coins earned are useless..
Seems location filter whilst it appears back as a filter option isn't actually filtering the results, it still shows international locations.
This app all over the place. When u need order the item your money wallet will taken instantly but when cancel or refund will taken forever even item not actually buy..
Great app, easy to use, five star app for me.
Bad search function and adverts. Lazada is good but this app is a bit of a kick in the teeth. Also several notifications a day? Seriously come on, don't make me feel like your slave..
With your new updates ....Why you want to access my phonebook and choose specific number????? This is too much. Its better to un install your apps.
Works well but once in a while it cannot process orders...the next day it works again.
I try to buy items but when i add my information but in street there's no places wrote..
About a week ago, i bought something from a seller and paid via GCash. Then today again, I bought another and paid via Gcash. Much to my surprise, there are no in place additional security measures to protect the buyer. Once your GCash is linked, it will automatically process the order without asking for authentication. I can't even imagine that if I lost my phone, someone could drain my GCash account via Lazada. The competing platform for example needs my fingerprint to authorize any purchase..
Very convenient and safe especially during this qurantine period! Saves precious time, money and effort! Plus prices are usually lower than SRP..
Very easy to use and hassle free ang pag order.
App is good but after sales service in regards to returns of big items is horrendous. It took over 6 months to return a broken item and receive the refund..
Amazing!!! Lazada is authentic. I have an amazing experience with the application. Easy shopping, congratulations Lazadanatics! 🍾🛒🛍️.
Why the notification need to have Lazada sound? How to disable that.. couldnt find in settings..
Used to be a good app but now I cant apply any bank vouchers or Lazada vouchers when making purchases. An error message would be encountered. No resolution from customer service.
Very good apart from top many cheap Chinese made products and fake electronics, but still its the best online shopping experience in Thailand 🇹🇭.
Great, Fairly new user but never had a problem with products and delivery. Update.....Been using well over 12 months and is the best option for us Senior's during the Covid lockdown..
Rating 1 star because the Redmart tab in the app has been very slow responding for the last few weeks, and when the Redmart page did load, it shows the desktop version instead of the normal in app UI. Please fix!.
I like lazada but the app is so slow. Sometimes it takes more than 1 minute to load a message or to see order history. I have a Galaxy a31..
No problem with this shopping app...shipping is fine..maybe gayahin nyo ung coin reward sytem ng #1 rival nyo and the free shipping vouchers. Nauubos din kc ung vouchers nila so may option to find items we want with laz & vice verza..we enjoy shopping using the coins we earned even if a coin is only worth a peso...its accumulating anyway. Actually I still cant find the worth of my earned coins here..maybe its just me but i fnd this coins useless... ✌️✌️✌️.
It's gotten better. Easier to navigate. I wish it had fingerprint option for checkout on card payments like Google..
Getting alot of ads. Followed store is bugging. Getting a lot of connection error and slow app response time occasionally..
Very confusing lay out, doesn't work properly and too much compulsory data is asked. Fake promotions that only apply for a few products..
Very good app, selling so big variety of products with competitive prices. Very helpful app assistants as well..
The ads and notifications is annoying as hell and there's no option to turn it off. Unisntalled..
No stress , good value but has language translation issues that remain unresolved after many calls to customer service.
I like the new update of this app. The color is also good. The service and the fuctions are clear..
Cool app. Friendly navigation. Millions of products. Very conpetitive market place..
Parcel product itemized labeling as full knolegibilities descripted is much better than nothing...please descrive your packages been itemized ,not only code printed...i think its more easier to identified even without data to show apps....
Excellent rating keep up the good work to all seller.
This app has pros and cons. Well base on my experience, your free shipping is a bit confusing.. well if its really not free so why still indicate? Dont attract customers by fooling them, more than half of discounts which way far from reality. FOLLOW PROTOCOLS esp your credited stores dont sell wrong or defected items, I wonder how lazada responds to protect the rights of their customers. Its merely a gambling app so COD is a must esp to a customer like me who values every cent of money to live..
It's great, Beyond your expectations! I love shopping here on this lazada application..
So far In my past transaction is ok,all complete.Good service.
After new update cant, see and copy tracking number when click track package like before. Only can see on outside on menu To Receive item and need type manually..
every time i 'll open it, always asking to log in continue with my facebook account. but unable to log in..
They have removed the filter by country. Now I have to look at the items one by one to find them from the right country. This is very inconvenient and time consuming..
Can't confirm your shipping address after ordering. Need to restart app to view images in the review section. It's now clunky to use..
This app always problem to refund my wallet into my bank account.. I can't press "withdraw" button in my wallet. Please fix it. Lazada have no contact number.. CLEO never help at all. Please la...
Fast responding, hassle-free app, great service! Thanks.
Easy to use. I'm using this app from 1 year I didn't find any other problems with this...
The app is slow. Not very user friendly unlike shoppee.
Whenever I click on the product the next page of activity not letting me view the product itself. All I can see is the recomme dation it's annoying..
I hope it will always cash on delivery, and please sellers be very responsive and honest.
Very useful app for me., im using this app to buy products for my small store., fortunately, i have no bad experience yet in all my orders., i thank lazada for that.,.
Great app with great service and content..
very convenient way of shopping right from your own home.
good products and sellers. but i usually do COD and sometimes COD is not available...
Product suggestions are hit or miss. App needs alot of improvement..
Simple fast and easy to use. Loads of deals so really bad for your wallet.
Simply the worst. You guys give the worst advertisement. You're always present in every site I visit and game I play. This not good advertising anymore. You're all abusing it..
Disappointed for the 9.9 event... Just bought the items last night and purchased at 12 n the payment stated that it fail to topup and still pending for the purchased item... I've lost a lot like RM200 in ths event... Plz i need my money back.
Deliver goods in good condition. Good platform to do online shopping....
I've been using Lazada for 6 years. I've encountered a bug where every product I click on regrdless if it says in its overview that it has reviews and ratings, when I do click on the product and go to the product page, there is no reviews, although I am fairly sure that there arw reviews, its just that the app won't load them. As you can see this is a big issue and I expect it to be fixed in the upcoming days but until then the low rating will still stand..
The app is slow. It's quite a mess. However, with a little patience you can get bargains..
Ok app, but notification icon is always on, super irritating. Will delete the app once my order is fulfilled..
Easy to use it (not difficult application)..
Your shopping apps is great. But how i hate your unstoppable adds. Please stop sending ur adds. I will visit ur apps when i want to shop. But not when i watching online movies. So annoying! Pleeeeeease!.
I love this game but when I reach the 100level it started to have no more new skins but when today I play this game it have skins and new weapon so please🙏 update more I am exited..
It lags even if the wifi net is good, the navigation of lazvlive stramers are harder to find. The shipping is slow, but over all its great..
Simple but very user friendly UI and easy to understand. I love this cuz I really trust LazMall. Thank you.
Why the message 'SSL Certificate is invalid, whether to continue access?' keep popping up?.
Good navigation but too many advertisement in the middle of task. Changed my review to 1 star. Unsubscribing to email is next to impossible.
This app need to send work shop... each offer page or view any in cart is loading... until loading i didnt see any pictures or whatever... pls fix.
I love this app and enjoying the free vouchers and free shipping😍.
Its useful and a great app..However its annoying how it keeps giving me unwanted notifications and while im trying to do work it keeps forcing me into the app even if i dont click it...
Scam, easy to cheat on people to use the app when you advertised $100 voucher during sale and then it ran out within 5 seconds. I even saw the collect button and i press it, "please try again later". Bruh, know how to cheat people feeling this app..
Been receiving notifications in all sorts of foreign languages even though the i disabled the notifications in app, which seems to only stop sending the english notifications.
Good to search item. There are times doesn't have any review so it's kinda difficult to place order. Over all experience online shopping.. give 4⭐.
App OK but wish Lazada would stop all the stupid hype advertising!!!! Us consumers know what we are looking for, without being bombarded with anoying buy-me buy-me pop-ups!!! Also Lazada should police scammers and false advertising! !!!! Such a waste of time and effort! !!!.
So far so good. Easy to use. Good merchandises and availability..
User interface is so bad. Too many popups.
Just love it... don't have to get tired visiting stores in town....
Reasonable price and the things are also very good condition.
The voucher given will be lost if you reload the screen after it hang for whatsoever reason. Ridiculous.
So slow to load your account order delivery etc status. Also issues with real time sync update. Shows non existent to receive status. Shopee faster and less bugs.
What I dont like in Lazada is the user interface. It's quite hard to navigate. Shopee is much user friendly..
Please check ur app bug... When I type Review box, it glitches and kept deleting my words..
Can't withdraw your remaining balance from wallet unless its from a refund. Not like shoppee. It way better in term if wallet. For search filter lazada better..
Very useful app :) just be sure with the sellers and be safe in buying stuff online, friendly app and accessible to all :).
Hi. Why I cannot see the product reviews. I can see the ratings but when I click on a specific item, the reviews are not appearing. Please fix it coz I can't make a purchase without reading the reviews. Thanks.
Your constant updates made the app worst. It crashes all the time and it wont load the reviews during 12 am onwards..
We get it. We installed your app for our convenience. However popping up every now and then defeats its purpose. Like a pushy and stalky kind of salesman.
Installed this, then logged in using my mobile number. I didn't know your number becomes your default username. I made a review and also commented on a review and bam! my phone number is permanently displayed on public. Talked to a representative, only said he can't do anything. You have no option to delete a comment. Why on earth, will you default the username to mobile number when you know that's going to be displayed publicly?.
I really like this app,it's accurate and fast for everything u need and want..
Needs to screen out false advertizer. Some Advertizer does not display the correct items it is selling. Needs to enhance return flatform..
Sobeang pangit nang pag upgrade ng lazada app!!!! I really liked lazada so much, howecer, since you updated the app, your update is terrible!!!! As in super sucks!!!! 😤.
Great list of items many affordable offers.
Very nice and very affordable all items.
I hope that the items is good to recieve and all the specification detail is work thank you..
Lots of items choices, lowest price..
Delivery may take a while but overall it's good. The item is nice and the description is accurate. Satisfied customer here..
App not so user friendly, a bit confusing, too many things popping out..
Good experiences so far, though sometimes it loads so slow..
there are many fake and bugus sellers in the app. pls add a report button to be able to report fake stores... pls. separate original & authentic products to fake products in the search menu.😌.
I just noticed. If the item is under COD payment, it will be delivered faster than being paid upon check out. There's something. Lol.
Good enough application. No visible lag..
Cool app when its always sale you can buy good things here.. thanks lazada.
A lil' hard when applying a voucher, keeps on repeating my email.
The Redmart section of the app is not loading anymore. I have an Android 10, Pixel 4XL. Please fix, can't be used now!!.
There is no option for me to choose NOT to save my credit cards detail. Hence only three stars for a should be 5 stars rated app..
Can't even login. It's fine on web browsers but the app can't recognize my username and password..
The notification channels for delivery updates are on the same channel as promotional items. This is unacceptable!!!.
I've been trying to buy things for weeks now and the cash on delivery option is gone and it keeps telling me they're is a network error. Please fix.
Its user friendly to some extend, but when it comes to the rules and regulations of the app its somehow confusing but other than that ist great.
Very low price and more exciting to shop.
Exceptional and the Best Online Shopping Application in the Philippines! LAZADA!.
I'd give 5 stars but damn, the ads are just too annoying..
Beginer here. I like the format because its easy to go back to my previous choices and let me change my mind. But I still have to learn other options...wallet? Etc. Iwill learn soon..Thank you..
Great deals, great experience!!.
Free shipping can be confusing and need more clarifications..
The order history dont have search feature,it is hard search back the purchased item details when thinking share to friend or repurchase the item.
very slow app!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! items are interesting but really annoying to navigate the app.😬😬😬😬😬.
not user friendly. I don't know where is the Order History Button . the design is not pleasing..
Lots of items and refund is easy but your search engine is very unaccurate. Please improve Update: You removed the filter by local shipping option. You're making your search system worse.
This october 2020 update really disappointed. I cant even choose my local item option. I only interest on local item. Not china item. Please out back local item featured..
Responsive, easy to navigate.
Bug: in wishlist, when I try to remove items, it says "network error" even if network is fine and other functions are OK.
Previously was perfect ...now webpage always unable to load nicely...full screen with way too many icons...pixel 4a on android 11.
Unable to make payment over the weekend. Always get a network error..
The Share Pocket Lazada is a complete SCAM!! I've had my friend directly beside me to press the link AND it didn't work, NOT even a single cent even though I have refreshed it!!.
Lazada is very convenient! Many discounts and more!.
Very friendly app. Easy to use..
Bad really bad and now the claw machine just waste ur coin just like that even if u got the bottle it will fall, so many times I've try!!!.
So far so good, most items shipped quickly. Usually read reviews on items, one item recieved broken was able to repair..
Very disappointed with poor customer service. Their chat bots give limited questions. Can't even leave a message for them to contact the customer back the next day! Other online shopping platforms are loads better..
Full screen add keeps popping up even after i deleted the app.
I'm giving this app 2 stars because I hate your adds. Whenever I am on certain websites something just pop ups and directs me to the app. Which I hate considering I order a lot of stuff from here..
Glitches in the app causes serious trouble about the seller buyer transactions. Think first before placing an order, may have to wait a minimum of 6 days for your order to be confirmed or canceled . Lazada blames the buyers side, but the app is the problem..
Easier and reliable. I use this app for almost all my all online shopping. And rarely I get disappointed..
I have shopped and bought many items from this app by lazada, the rewarda are hard to get and useless to me....
I am very disappointed that the transaction of your platform is not guaranteed. Payments are made directly without access to options. can't cancel the goods if you want to..
Your ads are so annoying. Why your app is always poping everywhere.
line is sometimes offline..poor transmission..some sellers are careless..sent wrong items...
Orders are click away! Easy shopping!.
Nice app to shop online and apply social distancing ...
Nice and yet can still have improvement area.
i'm using lazada since then. transactions were good, i got to receive updates with my order/s smoothly. but now, i don't know what is happening with the app. it is not functioning well. that should be 5 stars but i'll keep it neutral rn..
It is good apps because anything available in Lazada shopping.but more much product is quality is so much good..
Lousy apps, tried many times to make payment... still unable to get thru... called the customer service, given me generic answer which unable to resolve my problem....
Getting spammed with notifications of random discounts..
I really love this shopping app! It's really convenient for my family and I during this pandemic..
I despise these lazada ads man, click a link - lazada app pops up. Play a video, new tab appears - lazada ad, close the new tab - click play again - lazada ad. Heck even closing a lazada ad opens up another lazada ad. I hope you guys go to hell.
I want regular follower of Lazada for updated for purposes. But only hard is bagal ang Wi-Fi hw much more now data use only. .bt at least. Thanks Lasada.
Easy to navigate and easy to checkout and pay. Please add number of wishlist.
Very useful. Just click the items and wait on your doorstep..
Very conveniently to shop online, love this.. Thanks Lazada..
Very nice app.. Great job that's why I give it 5 star.
Easy to use and has COD and gcash as payment method.
Very Good, compared to other online shopping applications, Lazada is more organized. I love it..
Image search is very poor, different items are shown instead of similarity. Fix it.
its ok pero i tried to sell and i cant its just frustrating that every time i wanna see my shop i have to log in its annoying not like shoppe its very easy to acces but please fix it.
So far so good. But need to improve in getting quality reliable merchant. Not Getting items as per advertised and or as ordered is not acceptable..
So easy and simple for buying if the market place not completed..
Easy to use, has easy user experience on knowing lazmall or original things. Seamless payment experience.
This is a good app :) some sellers are definitely trusted and some are not..
Please be considerate of visually impaored. Use black font, larger font, and better contrast..
After update always fail connection,, can't even see the product,,.
Great app! I love using it so much it has free shipping and lots of discounts.
The apps is already good but why when i wanna write the review for the product i receive it, it doesnt properly show the letters when i wrote to review every parcel i received..even when i want to take a pic for the parcel it doesnt show the pic :(.
Some items do not really match with the description given, but other than that was pretty well.
Easy to use and competitive pricing. A lot of products available.
Fast delivery and very satisfide to the items.
Good app .. lots of promo's helps users nowaday.
easy and very accesible for online shopping.
So far i have no issue using the app in my OPPO phone..
Very good and convenient for shopping at lazada during this time. Thanks.
Nahhh shoppe is so unfair!!! There is a game called shoppe polly and my points about 4 thousand so I can win one of the items but my point nahhhh it become useless dahil tinanggal na nila yung game Shoppe polly:Gusto mo? User:Yesssss Shoppe polly:luh!!asa ka?duuuhhhh!!!! Good bye.
Would be nice if the app would be compatible in multi window mode as most modern phones/tablets are now capable..
Big bytes of data ia needed to use this app. Optimization is need.
Cant turn off the promotions notification. Spam AF. everytime you uncheck it it checks itself back..
It's my first time experience to buy online...so far it's been a good experience for me. Thank you Lazada!.
Please fix your design its too messy, its better if your design is simple and orderly to look better..
One of my orders under TO RECEIVE had been DELIVERED, yet it is still there...in the TO RECEIVE section...for more than 3 months already! It's making me so upset everytime I open my account! I want it gone!.
Payment system only allow certain cards which is annoying. It doesn't notify you instantly when your order is arriving or whether it has been placed..
Very competitive, smooth apps, cheaper as well as quality in terms of its product!!.
When browsing, alot of pop up ads that automatically open this app, so annoying..
Fix the bug. The failed delivery that I wasn't receive is always appearing in my " to receive" cannot be remove..
Seriously don't like it after the removal of the local filter~ and guess I will leave it very soon if the local filter is not back in place.
There no more filters for NCR or any locations in the Philippines. I rather support local. I hope you could return that filter..
All items I've ordered are good quality and safe also affordable. this app is really convinient and good for me....
The new update removed the filter by location. All items shown are now from CHINA and you have to scroll forever to find local sellers!! Whoever thought of removing the location filter in search should be FIRED!! This is a ploy to sell more China based items from overseas! Trash update!.
Gives user the ability to shop at the comfort of their home. App itself is easy to navigate..
Very nice owesome and of course cheapiest product..
Great deals and exciting items! 😍.
Navigating the app is user friendly. However, customer service is very inconvenient. It's very difficult to contact them for concerns like delayed delivery and refund..
ads keeps on redirecting to this trash app Also, delivery takes way too long. If I can rate 0/5 i will.
Lazada always provide updated item status. Wide range to choose...
Search function is horrible and the credit card payment system rarely functions correctly..
Looks for the address and not cancelling order when address can't be found because of laziness to search for the address..
So far so good, but it impossible to buy 2 pcs with different color..
Great shopping experience, variety of stuff & the price is reasonable.🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰.
I suggest to include a shipping fee per package. Currently when i order from multiple vendors the shipping fee per package can be seen but after ordering is just summed up and i can no longer see how much shipping fee per package. So when a package arrives (cod), i still need to ask how much i need to pay since i no longer have the details and i cant find it anywhere in the app or email..
Fix. Why i cannot choose default payments? I am missing flash sale.
Second time bulk order but COD disable..Its a bit safety fir us costumers than online card payment..
Easy to make transaction with the seller...
1st time shopping online ... good selection n reasonable pricing..
Its helpfull in shopping small amount of commodity since COD is allowed. But it does not in some other big amount..
Very convenient to use. Todays pandemic it is better to use this app, rather than going outside..
Most seller in lazada will put first price, and then slash it, put second price as look like a discount. and when sale or discount time, nothing change with the normal price, no more discounts, so nothing change actually when sale time. Waste of time..
Very good app. I ordered so many times, it always reach my expectations..
New Updates have bug... you cannot add new address the second column says you can't leave this empty even though I've put something.
Great app, and most times delivery is a accurate. Missing wallet for non-Thai..
So far so good except with the t shirts. Disappointed indeed..
Sometimes the app does not translate to English but overall worth 5 stars..
Your device isn`t compatible with this version. I'm using Huawei MediaPad T3 7 (2GB/16GB) tablet with EMUI 5.1, Android 7.0 Nougat.
The app is very slow. I can't even view my order details. It just indicates it's loading but nothing will happen after..
After 5 years used it. Decide will never used it anymore and already asked all my family remove this app. Using voucher bought with digi. My order been cancel.by system. Only refund money but my voucher??? Contact live chat only one answer asked digi about it. This not first time my order been cancel when using digi voucher. Before they will gave me one voucher to replace it. But today their answer really frusted. So bye bye lazada..
I have 2 accounts but cant delete either one. I used my email login as default. But I accidently created ewallet on the phone no login. My default account cant activate the ewallet..
fast & hassle free shopping!.
Hoping to win something in piso games. Some FREE items in coins/rewards are posted but can not exchange coz they are "out of stock", but if you purchase it is still on stock..
Easy to engage and transparent..
Quick and hassle free confirmed order..
Great online shopping... Better then Amazon!!!.
fast transaction and easy to use lovelots.
promo said it's free shipping on your first buy but when you download the App, and search for the item you wish to purchase, the shipping fee is much more than double the price of the item you want to buy... so disgusting!.
I like the new checkout experience where the balance in the ewallet integrated with the payment. brilliant..
Lots of products, easy to find, good checkout procedure..
I love the app it so easy to use but so many ads but I understood about it since its online shopping app..
Recently my phone got a virus it's not related to the app but the virus is it gives me this mini ads every second and it keeps redirecting me to this app.
So far my experience was good with this app, the products were delivered in timely manner..
Items are delivered as described and within specified time..
4stars only, its so hard to log back in the acc. I don't know why?.
Its working perfectly fine before the update/s I cannot see the reviews anymore which is the number one important thing from me. I based my order/s from product review.
Excellent app! Easy to access..
Good service and fast delivery. Great Job.
I can say faster and good process specially if cash on delivery method are available using on the payment..
Please Fix The Bugs My Account Is Number Cannot Enter I Am Not Expert of Through email code sent please fix this!.
Most complete products, price cheaper and great expedition 👍.
Very fast service none like this in any online sale.
So easy to find what i need. All the seller that I've encountered are kind. Thank u all.😊❤.
Too many counterfeit products without a feature to report it. Be careful on items are too good to be truth..
Mostly English now, but many descriptions and all reviews are in thai. Difficult to get a refund..
Too much Baboon language. Not enough English. Mixing Thai and English is hopeless. It reflects on Thai incompetence and why it remains a third world country. Some sellers have free shipping some not. The question below is misleading. The app does not ship anything. Typical example of Thai incompetence..
This is so slow. I can't use landscape mode on a tablet since its only for phones. Also please make a Night mode! People do shop at night and your app is so bright..
Affordable and easy transactions.
This app is not that good or not that bad The only problem here that it's SOOOOOOOOOOO slow i mean like VERY slow please fix this!.
Excellent and mode of payment also the easiest one since I can use my TnG e-wallet.
Fast and easy to use, real product review compared to other similar shopping app.
I cannot install your app again. I've already deleted most of my apps in my phone and still not working..
After the latest update, all items are unavailable. Please fix this.
For me it's okay if you buy something affordable but do not buy something expensive. Lazada payment processing trouble me a lot. I try to buy expensive things in lazada and pay through online banking. First, it's say successful but after a minute they refund to me back through lazada wallet. It's take a while to process it back to my bank account. Then, it says successful return to my bank account but after that i checked it, none of my money got into my bank account. Please fix this problem laz.
Hey Lazada, the reviews should be able to be edited for 6 MONTHS or more. This will greatly help other buyers to make buying decisions. It's not fair for the buyer to see a review based on experience within only a few days. Many buyers and I have been trolled by the product's positive review that has been experienced for only a few days. I'm talking about reviews about the product's long term capabilities.
Shipping takes really long time, also tracking numbr doesnt work and the app itself is really messy. Take shopee's app as an example its clean an much more intuitive..
I have been using Lazada for a long time. Its services has improved a lot. Very easy to buy things from Lazada. Keep it up!!!.
This app lags a lot in my opinion. Shopee wins over Lazada when it comes to its system, it's more user friendly. Other than that Shopee has a lot of perks, like free delivery. This will serve as a constructive criticism to Lazada, for them to improve their app..
Return method has now changed. Even 7 day change of mind must reviewed and accepted by vendor. Lazada is becoming more of a hassle then benefit. The developer has changed the way in which you can edit your review. Previously you were able to edit your review months after your initial review. This must have been causing Lazada junk vendors a lot of grief as most products out of China are complete garbage within months after purchase..
Cool app, fast delivery! :-).
I just deleted this apps as a result of their marketing strategies. Every ads that i click popping up linked to download this lazada apps. It is too much, so bye bye lazada..
Bodoh app ni. Top up wallet cpt je dia deduct bank. Nak refund tunggu pulak verification brp hari. Stupid app when top up wallet efficient af. When I am claiming refund a few days of verification needed..
Lost the option to filter searched items by Country. Back to Shoppee..
My mobile number got blocked and I can no longer use it for transactions!.
The items that they delivered is correct the packaging is nice and secured by putting a plastics bubbles in onder not to easily broken..
Nice app. Online shopping made easier 🙂.
This is my first time to use this online shop and i know this would be a great experience to use this app..since this is a highly recommended by my family...
Good app especially this pandemic. I just hope there is an option to see the lazmall name in alphabetical order..
Wow just when I thought the value of your coins couldn't get any lower, you then exceeded my expectations.
Very nice and good items of all time.
Good fast delivery. I enjoy shopping online.
👍faster transaction indeed unlike other shopping app.
Easy-to-use good organization on categories.
I'd like to recommend this apps because its easy to access like what you have things to like to buy and more sales this store 😍 Very Fun and hits more products 😇.
Easy to use. Informs the status of the order and make sure that the personal info is correct. T and C are easy to understand. The charges for the courier/s are to high for every order.
Very workable and functional. Makes shopping such an easy experience..
Exceptional shopping experience offered through this fast and responsive application..
Enjoyed much; very easy; delivery is fast & reliable!!.
so easy to use, so friendly and lots of giveaways..
Too many push notifications. Annoying AF..
It's really fun to buy any kinds of products.
This shopping apps is nice and easy I love it.
This app are very nice and for lazada sellers their are very welcome to costumers.
LOVE it! L- Less hussle, O- Outstanding in terms of delivery, V- very nice and affordable product, E- easy to shop..
Easy transaction not confusing on voucher availability..
very satisfied and the deliveries are all intact and as well as the deliver mens are very friendly.
Fast, easy and convenient!.
Very convenient and easy to use...
Very reliable app for our daily needs and wants..
Very good app! It has great interface not many bugs 5 stars!.
I installed this app just to make your ads stop but it didn't. It even started to run that app what kind of bull is that.
Lots of options and chat feature connects with the supplier..
Good app and with many mini games to earn coin for exchange voucher and small gifts..
Its ok good and information, easy to buy and easy to find your things you might like👌.
Everything is good. but some time they give broken things like bad battery etc. They said if it is not good or cannot use you can change in one week before. But I cannot return it back. They rejected. That why I give you one star..
Great shopping at great prices!.
I love this app so much because i can search things that i want and its easy.
convenience shopping instead of going personally to malls or deparment stores in just a click you can have what you want..
Very accomodating and delivers on time.
It's always good to see the new beauty and prices of the products..
LAGING ERROR. EXPERIENCE WAS BAD, ALWAYS GOT THE WRONG/DEFECTIVE ITEMS FROM SELLERS.
Great shopping on line, so far so good.
Easy to search for the products. It isn't complicated to paid..
A little difficult to navigate back and forth with many function.
Very Accessible and most of the time, prompt in delivery :).
Good apps .. easy to use find anything here just follow the T&C like 123.. good Respond.. nice.
Loading seems slow for some pages like review, game etc. Takes more than 5 seconds.
Other items being delivered are good while some are not..
Awful UI.... it's like trying to read a book in a pachinko hall..
Its very convenient to use yet it so simple to understand the apps..
It is convenient and save time.Thanks..
Why can't I see my other items in Add to Cart?.
Nice and easily shopping and good quality.
Reliable been using it for the longest time....
Good stress reliever when you deliver the right product..
Excellent services and shopping centre...
Shopping experience even in this trying times..
Almost more good quality and fast delivery.
Great app. But I suggest there should be separate tab where we can find all Filipino sellers. 😊.
Sometimes the app says error and the sold items is like 1000 and when you open that oageits says 0 sold pls fix this problem....
Notification is very annoying. No way to remove. การแจ้งเตือน ค้าง ไม่มีทางเอาออกไปได้ น่ารำคาญใจมาก ซื้อของเสร็จ ได้รับสินค้าเมื่อไหร่จะลบออก.
I'm not interested about online shopping but when I saw Lazada App. There's so many discounts and you will enjoy shopping! 😀❤.
Not disappointed so far. Same items can be found cheaper in the app than few others....
There's a limitation to the wishlist? Then how am I supposed to remember it if I wanted to buy that product soon. That's dumb. Gonna uninstall this app now..
Provide various choices to find goods, but still has few techical problem in app..
Very accommodating, safe and easy to order..
Lazada is really good but I hope you can help me with my concern. I need to withdraw the money that I have in my Lazada wallet but I cannot withdraw it because my mobile number registered in there is not working anymore. I want to change my mobile number but I cannot change it because you are sending a code from my old mobile number. I hope you can get back to my concern. God bless..
Fast and easy..first time using app and made my first purchase.Thanks for the free shipping coupon😊.
Reliable , convenient and satisfied me. Sellers and the shipping partners are commendable..
Thank ti this apps i have a lot of fun and already had a coo bluetoothl earphone purcase from this app..hoping to get more wonderful time together.
Unable to link with TNG payment.
Do not be fooled by this scam app, if you put your money in laz wallet to buy an item, they don't ship your item and you will never get your money back. They are full of fake sellers. Never again will I ever trust this app. Bye Lazada, hello Shopee!.
Been used lazada apps since 2012til.now. And very satisfied their product....thanks LAZADA....
Delivery on time, products well packed.
There's no Maxis (Postpaid) and unifi Mobile (Postpaid) options available till now. Please add more biller..
Its good ....if you want to select..more items and affordable.
fake. fake ad agents on fb showing link of products that leads you to installing this app. and to your surprise the item is not even on the shop.dont trust a site that uses clickbaits..
Very nice enhancement, makes my shopping very easy and fast.. good job!.
System maintenance works easily unlike others. Promo for products are super reasonable..
Last version updated have a little error. My phone really hot when play the app Hope you fix it soon.
It takes forever to load comments or pages. Google results product when i click it only redirect me to lazada main page..
Keep on showing SSL certificate is invalid.
This app always pops up every time .It's very annoying.
Very easy to use. You have to confirm the receipt of your purchase before your money is released by them to the seller. Items i viewed advertised by some sellers have an introduction price which may not be for the full item, or even an equivalent item. If you want the item you see in the picture, you may have to pay an increased price. This new price is Clearly shown before you commit to any purchase..
There is good shopping to be had but you have to look hard for them, mostly for smaller items. The navigation is clunky. There's no direct link to the front page, so it's easier to close/reopen than backing through every page. The coupon system is confusing when you're new and the help page is lacking. Since the last update item videos play without sound but cut off audio in other apps. Turning off video in settings only turns off video in the individual listing, not the on the sale pages..
Great app. Everything and anything you need or want, they have it. They're Awesome and Fair prices are incredible. Some of their sellers you have to wait awhile for,but,its worth the wait. Very trusting and reliable is what this app is about. Stress free. Thank You Ali express. Keep up the good work. Your loyal customer..
I have this app 5 stars 3 years ago. By now I can say they destroyed everything I loved. It still give me all the information about my orders but they killed all the fun by overdoing everything. This makes the app unstable. If they want to make a game than please make a separate game and leave this app alone. I hope they will make a 'lite' and very stable app for all the orders and messages with any of the 'games'..
3 stars, but with upvote. I love this app. Nothing more has to be said. The only reason you dont get 5 stars: *The app is and always has been a bit quirky neither a good or bad thing. *It's slow, gets bugged easely, and can crash without you even trying to do so. *Maybe make a survey for your users, so they can give you free feedback on what could be better or advanced. (User for more than 6 years).
App is pretty easy to use. It is trying to do too much. In some way, it represents the entire shopping platform (or website) compressed into this single app. Navigation and sections can be confusing. If you treat it like a simple shopping app, then life is easy. You don't get to read the fine prints or understand the rules on the promo, special priced items etc. At least the app seems to be quite stable considering everything it is trying to do..
Awesome. The freebies now indicate a lower value and we don't know what to expect. It was better before, when the freebie price was higher than the actual price of the item. It was a good surprise. The favorite icon is not working properly. Please get rid of the farm. It takes a while to load. It was better before. It was a quick check in..
Great value and products. For a first-time user, I needed to become familiar with the process of communicating with and sending messages to the seller THROUGH THIS APP and not email like I'm used to doing with other online products. A more simplified process could be provided ("Click here") to send a message about the product directly to the seller, to get help installing software, etc..
Good overall. However: -Was never able to find option to filter by location of item abf that is very important to me to see when item might arrive and affects my choice to purchase or not purchase many times. - Would be easier if such main info was listed clearly as soon as you enter into items page. - A bit tedious to sign in at times until you verify, etc. -Layout busy. -No good inbuilt size converter to my knowledge.
The app has become soooo exhausting for use,, so many things kkeep popping in my face and too much distractions! Then there is the sellers who play tricks on you and put a picture with a million things and a low price but when you come in you find out that the low price is for a sticker or something very small and not the product!! Lastly the app keeps offering me sales on products that have a high priced shipping! Like how the hell do you think you're helping me!?!?.
I'm logging in every single day to check what's new and to collect the coins but for around one month now it doesn't allow me to do that. Also, the rewards are reseting although I'm logging in every day. On top of that, I started growing a tree that needed quite a lot of days to grow and now where there were only 6 left I've received information that the promotion has ended and my tree disappeared without any reward or anything. I've wasted 20 days and a lot of possibilities to earn more coins.
I like the app. You get to discuss with the shop owners, especially when there was a problem. Which is extremely helpful. Free shipping and amazing discounts. In store navigation? Muah! Looking for something and you don't know the name but you have a picture? There's picture search which is good but not all that great. The only downside is shipping. It can take a while especially when you stay in places like Africa (Nigeria)..
At first glance the app looks great and probably is for people living in USA or Europe but for countries like India, even though the prices look really cheap, the shipping charges on almost all the products are double the original cost. And so the ultimate price is even more than high end products. Lots of other apps are available that dont have this issue..
Provides options to disable ad and promotional notifications, but this option doesn't actually work so you get spammed anyway. If you want to make an app with mandatory ads, just do it. Don't put an option there to make people think they can turn them off when they can't, it's misleading and shady. It also breaches Android's policies for apps - you're meant to respect the user's preferences for notifications, not take every chance you can to ignore or dodge them. Disappointing..
Notifications turned and still get promotions via notification, search filters could be much improved and the experience would be far easier you didnt allow sellers to post many multiples of the same product at different prices. This app works for the seller, not the buyer so beware. Part from that you get goods direct, and if you look hard enough you might find the actual manufacturer selling their own goods. Generally hit and miss on quality, including hazardous goods. Be careful, and smart..
Like most of the apps it's good before you hit the problems. Help center is not there to resolve the personal issue, you can not remove your feedback of the seller and if you rated the item 5* and it's broke the next day, you can add additional comment but 5* won't be removed. I had seller asking me to pay extra because of COVID, I refused and cancelled order, ordered the same from the other seller and realised that the first seller didn't confirm cancellation and also sent order a week later...
Before and after the update, it's so stupid I can't search for anything anymore, and am your client for a long time now and this it's absurd! Am so disappointed of you guys. Fix this, I literally on the search bar, anything I write it says couldn't find any result... Am like what?? Are you serious, boys aliexpress was my super market now it's like there's no point anymore.... So disappointed of you.
Stupid and annoying pop-ups everywhere, making it hard to look for what I need. The button hit detection is also rather small meaning that if I see an item I don't like and I wanna select "don't like" I accidentally select the product and get more recommendations of the items I really didn't want to see. Can we see a lite mode for users that don't wanna be bombarded with random pop-ups so we can just easily browse for the things we need? Thanks..
The app is both useful and relatively usable, but it is a mess of unintuitive UI, bugs and unnecessary bloat, making the app very slow and the user experience poor. Stop adding "features", turn this into a lean and easy shopping app. Nobody wants to play in-app games and deal with other things that get in the way of the actual point of the app - shopping..
Very easy to access and navigate through. But, I come back today, because I noticed that when I tried to edit the default address to matcht it with my credit card, the location function, doesn't permit me to write it correctly, so I had to find the way the hard one. For the other side I never have problems with my credit card purchase, that in this Pandemic times is a must have to avoid social contact in public places and to buy on line is the way to go...And no easy way to cancel the order..
Much Better than wish. Def Cheaper prices & i can usually find free shipping on whatever item im buying. App takes a little getting use to but once you figure out the basics of it then it is really easy to find what you are looking for & order. Then You are able to easily dispute a purchase that you did not receive. I would reccommend this app over the wish app for sure..
I like the app as i keep finding new product models and uses how ever i very much dislike the multi product pricing where the lowest is displayed as ive seen numerous products listed like a deal and whe you hit ad to cart it ads something that is rarely if at all shown on the main product screen had i not caught it i might have been pissed and felt duped. I just find shady sales behavior like that to be beneath the Alibaba family of platforms and more akin to ebay BS. But maybe im wrong..
Great app, better prices than Amazon and Ebay, and most of the time you get your delivery in 10 days or so, great thing if you consider this come from China, in some other ocattions can takes up to 20 or even 30 days , but if you are not in rush it really worth it. Very reliable company and with tracking of your product. for sure in future will overtake giants as Amazon or Ebay..
Great app for buying all types of things you don't need right away and are willing to wait a little while for. I generally pay for AliExpress Standard Shipping so that I wont have to wait more than a month (often less). Other times if it's item's you really don't care to wait for then there are free shipping option's. Some good suppliers also offer AliExpress Standard Shipping for free..
Confusing.. it's like a black hole that I cant help but get sucked into. I notice that it will never find what I'm searching for. Maybe because the keywords I search arent what other countries call an item.. but it never finds what I want. & I noticed how certain things that seem like they should be affordable are not. Amazon has better prices than on this app. However I love looking when I do find something. I just wish the keywords were easier to search/prices lower..
Kind of addictive. AliExpress has so much potential and could eat eBay's lunch with some polishing. And nothing would make me happier because eBay is scum. I hope that happens, but for now AliExpress is relatively inconsistent, the translations are poor, and the coupons are confusing and often mostly useless. Edited to one star. Use it enough, and eventually you start getting screwed pretty badly. And the customer service is somewhere between abysmal and non-existent..
App is good for internet-shopping. But I was disappointed that I can't switch off the sound of notifications. Even when I disable sounds for its notifications in settings, they still ring every time. The only solution for this is to set default notification sound to "none".
From my online shopping experience i found this version easy and helpful to search for what you looking for by text(it was extremely restricted) or image. Every thing is clear prices, shipping prices, other deals and reviews which 99% trust build on it. Only one issue at the moment Some times the tracking chart doesn't work due to wrong traking number or not shipped from the beginning. Postpone the item on its way message until the chart light up..
Starting a few weeks ago I just get constant message notifications from sellers with sound and vibration. I have turned off all notifications for the app and they still sound off and pop up. Please fix this because I'm close to uninstalling the app. I even stopped following all the sellers and cleared cache but they still continue from all kinds of sellers whether I've purchased from them or not..
This is the most unpleasant shopping app I have ever used. Nonstop spam ruins the shopping experience. After installing and setting an account you will be blasted by dozens of irrelevant offers and vendor updates via intrusive notifications. On top of that there's an ad while the app starts up, plus many more ads throughout..
Without tabs like in browsers app isn't really functional. Using it only as "Cart" before ill apply cashback services and finish my buying. UPD: Its almost 2020 and the app still cannot search in "Shipped" by track number. From version to version delivery information becomes harder to be reached. Terrible. Literally zero ergonomics..
Wonderful. What sellers in US are charging for things you can get the exact stuff at aliexpress for a fantastic price. When I see something I like at a store here in the US I always screenshot it and then go look it up someplace else or web search. AliExpress I always seem to find it there at this wonderful price I stop buying stuff that I don't triple check to make sure I'm getting the best price that I'm willing to pay for. Google lens will search everywhere in the world an item is selling at..
It would have been good but there was a problem with my address so I'm hesitant to use it because it might get delivered to someplace else. Also it gave me an expired voucher which was a little off putting, if it's already expired, please don't hand it out anymore— especially if it's a $20 voucher :).
A great selection of goods, however even when you disable every notification, there is a constant stream of messages, coupons and promotions via the app, all day, all night (yes even at 4am), There were 12 messages between midnight and 7am on Sunday night. I need to sleep. Uninstalling.
Sometimes slow, gets stuck easily, offers too many promotions and promises, but even after long, everyday interaction, and not small amount of money spent, it's impossible to win "Freeby". Prices are good in general, but not always, as with the quality of mayority of products. So mostly the bad comments go to the sellers and management staff..
Great app, very good platform for shopping but every time I open it it looks like internet from previous millenium - tons of blinking ads and myriad of colours especially the ad that appears every time I open it totally unrelated to what I bought. Seriously? I skip it every time. UI is a bit quirky but works..
If you do not RECEIVED order and get refund, Your points will drop. Noticed?! So you should be always be happy even if you are not. and give 5 stars to climb in higher level. This practices are not ok. Ali is better if you find same items what you looking for in other websites. It's cheaper. But you have to wait more than month. Some times it never comes.and plus there discounts have this formula: regular price + free shipping or low cost shipping.wow sale day: low price high shipping costs..
You have great products but the app is set up difficult if you get off a item it is hard to go back to it. I had to download a postal app to track my package it is set up a little odd it is very hard for me to delete an item from my buggy it is just set up hard for me to get anything ordered.but great products I can't operate it at all I will probably shop wish or ebay because I can operate them faster and easier thank you Sirs.
New update to the app shipping tracking takes literally 20 seconds or more to load and provides zero benefit over the old fast tracking which didn't work great neither but at least it loaded fast. Please revert. -- Says "Delivered" when in fact items are still in transit. I've lost purchase protection on a few items I thought were delivered to my post office but on later analysis weren't even in my country yet. I'm practically living in China 🇨🇦 and deliveries are taking up to 4 months now..
It's pretty good. I have had issues paying by credit card sometimes, so I have to go to my computer to place purchases that have no PayPal option. This might have been fixed in the last update, but I haven't had to try so I am not sure.
When I try to play 11.11 evnt it says cannot participate due to security reasons And today when I got power points in energy lab it was not added to the progress(which means my completion percentage 61 but after getting 17000 points also it remains 61%) This is very awkward to see that a very popular shopping app cheating 😡😡😡😡😡😡😡 ............soon reply me your customer service in app doesn't work properly.......
App is good, but improvements can be made to make it more user friendly especially the issue of price of an item and shipping costs, they need to be very close and with other alternatives of shipping options to assist customers make good decisions with a more upfront information on app..
using AliExpress for some years now, liking it, but the app has some annoying usability issues (still better than the crappy website). e.g. it seems impossible to answer product questions, but if you click "follow question" by accident it seems impossible to unfollow it. Comparison between same product of different sellers is hard, prices in result list often are for accessories not the main product, or they set a ridiculously low price on the product but add high shipping fees..
I have only been using AliExpress for roughly 10 days and I love it!! Great prices, shipping is either free or really reasonable and the first purchase I made was delivered within 7 days. The app is rather busy and I'm still trying to work it all out, but believe me doing so has been an entertaining experience..
It's somewhat weird and confusing to use or apply discount coupons. The same product is published under many different prices which floods your searches instead of helping, and gives you that sort of dishonest feel of being scammed if you're not careful. Talking to companies is always somewhat complicated because their agents don't speak english good enough to offer easy communication..
New to AliExpress and was a bit apprehensive but need have no fear. One key feature they should make clearer is that AliExpress retain your payment and dont release to the seller until you confirm you have received the shipment and the product is as described. I purchased a 1000 watt eBike at a great saving than in the UK and didn't have to wait for it to come from China as the seller has warehouses in France, Poland and Spain. Mine came from Poland and I received it via UPS in under two weeks..
This is such a smooth, reliable and hustle-free shopping platform. I like the way it integrates payment using the local currency too in a seamless and transparent way. However, prices are misleading since they change the instant you click on them..
I just bought something and found out they keep my cc info. I asked not to keep my banking info each time I bought something. The app has no option to delete my banking info. And no contact to request for delete. Now I have to call my CC card company for a new card. And I am not sure if I will ever give them my banking info..
unorganized and ad-overloaded, messaging functions fall way short compared to web versions. many pics can't be zoomed in (they know why ;-) only really good thing is you're noticed when goods arrive in your country, which has proven to be a rather reliable indicator for when shippings will arrive..
So far loving the app. Definitely some good deals! Just double check the shipping in the cart. Some things can take up to 90 days! But with free shipping and it being so cheap really, just be patient(:.
Good fun to find some bargains. The coupons, sales and rewards systems are little more than a gimmick, don't waste your time with them. Shipping can be very slow from China but this is probably more because of COVID than the sellers. Expect to wait up to a month for items to arrive..
I have been using for some years now. Rarely have any issues. From buying little anime figures, to 5'5 sex dolls (don't judge), this is the place I prefer to shop. In the rare event I don't get something I ordered, I am sent another item or refunded. I feel safe here. Tho sometime I will say shipping takes a bit. Not on all things, but it does leave one annoyed lol. You can find cool and useful things here. Happy shopping all. (I said it has free returns but not all items).
Amazed by this app!! The products are worth the money!! You will receive your items quickly!! I purchased two wigs and I will not do business with anyone else but this app. You will not be disappointed!! My wigs look natural and I never had to adjust during my 12 hour day!! They are also packaged in a box so hair is not smashed up!! Give them a try!!.
This app is great. If you want to buy a Lego set, you have to use this cite. It has so many good Lego sets and they are dirt cheap when compared to Amazon, Walmart, or any toy store..
App is decent sometimes the popups slow it down. Wish you could look at it in landscape view. Also need to make the font and pictures larger when adding to cart or picking options...too small to read on phone or at least I have not found where I can change that sizing yet.
The app is disfunctional. I want a product for $5. I get 100 options but I cannot buy: - All sell the product for price I want - none of them sell it at that price in country I live -there is no opitons to filter out these non selectable options - thus the price is out of my range and should appear in search, but it do.
So far so good. I received two items I bought out if 23 items an so far they arrived in the time frame they were to. Other ones ordered before hand how ever still have not arrived but Covid probably has a big part to play in that. I recommend this shopping site even of it dose take a few weeks for orders to arrive..
Amazing app to shop! So far everything i have ordered is great quality especially for the price you pay! The delivery is always fast especially coming from over seas. I recommend this app to anyone who enjoys shopping for a great price..
Good app with low prices but PLEASE add the options to gift people things from their wishlist or at least the option to add descriptions to our wishlists. I have friends who wanted to surprise me with an item, but they have to ask for my address and that way the surprise is ruined!.
They wont take alot of debit cards for a form of payment. I find this to be insulting in some manner. It has to be a banking debit card not one which you can out right purchase andvput your funds onto it. They consider those cards to not be as authentic as a real banking debit card. They just lost a very good customer whom i never seemed to have had problems using my other debit cards before...
I have been shopping through AliExpress for a couple of years now and I've only ever had a problem with one store so I highly recommend, this is like the biggest shopping( on line) center in the world . you walk through its doors and there is a shop for any and every occasion ,each store has their own reviews so if you see one negative don't go on that alone, check out the rest because they have nothing to hide they show the good and bad reviews that's honesty for you !.
Easy to use, check reviews and descriptions so you know what you are expecting, orders may take weeks due to how far away they are sent from. Cupon use is confusing, often I think I have a valid combination of items in my cart but no cupons can be applied so don't rely on them to be usable..
Been using the app and site for a few years now. Overall transactions have been great. Some products take longer than others, but overall sellers are awesome and will work with you if there is an issue. Highly recommend over wish products/sellers..
Benn using this app for years. Easy to navigate and search. Easy to save seller and store details. Bright and colourful. I've introduced loads of friends to this app. I love browsing when I have a few minutes spare. Trouble is the bargains are addictive. Love Alex press... love the app..
I love the app. You can find very cheap and quality products here as well. I personally will definitely recommend it to my friends and family. The only issue I have is sometimes the shipping fees are too high but apart from that all is great!.
Many improvements have tobeen made in recent months to Ali Express Android app, but we need the ability to control the type of products that are pushed to us. It is very irritating to men interested only in hobby products when MANY woman's hair, eye, & intimate products are included in EVERY product list! Stop this practice. I feel pushing video promotions by inexperienced young actors is a huge waste of my time!.
15/07/20: It's amazing, better than other sites. Fast shipping. Highly recommended (seriously, just download and try it. You can even adjust delivery and shipping dates) Edit, 7/11/20: Amazing, still use it. Would avoid cheap electronics such as usb sticks etc ALWAYS CHECK REVIEWS. Other than that it's amazing!.
Daily coins collection is ruined. Also there is no good offers in coin discount and flash deals. The products are even more expensive than in the ordinary search. Coupon pals also sux.. whatever I do I can't get more than $0.30..
I'm giving one star for two Main reasons. First of all is the lack of control for notifications and the messaging system the sellers are spamming my phone with their awful ads and i can't stop it Secondly the tracking numbers are a big mess, the product in the app gets registered in a number and when you receive the product the tracking number is something completely different.
I tried to hold myself, not to give feedback before my transaction is done. But after an item come, it was nice but too small. I can't use it. I tried to return it and the apps is so confusing. I'm not even sure how's the return process because there's no confirmation. All the things are so confusing and they're making it hard for you to return. They only gives you 15 days to return, so make sure you see the timelines. I will update my review after all my items come.
Convenient so far, as for bugs and/or intentionally introduced annoyances... Yes... some. Allows to track and communicate directly to the seller on the market, a very useful feature. My rating goes down as I use it more....
It won't let you access your gallery or take a picture even after you give the application permission they really need to stop being lazy and fix it or find somebody who knows what they're doing and let them fix it otherwise it's fine.
I like Ali express. I bought quiet a lot stuff form it. But the thing is there's so many features and button to click. That's why it just so loading sometimes. A little bit confusing to me as it takes times just to check 1 /2 things..
Really love this app especially for buying phone cases I can't find anywhere else, really affordable too however I wish there was a PayPal option when it comes to payment :( if there was I'd give five stars but other than that it's great..
Great app, haven't had major issues. Taking one star off because I keep getting notifications even when I have turned them off in the app, and they can be quite annoying as stores will send many messages..
ali is great. me and my partner are addicted to scrolling through it every day to the point that we laugh about me having a second bf ...ali lol . great app good delivery time. never had an issue and now use it over wish which i was previously addicted to surfing.
A bit hard to navigate for the first bit..I'm still trying ...almost need an instruction booklet, but is a huge selection of items, great prices fast delivery times. Prefer this over Wish.
I like it better then wish. It has better tracking and communication. Coupons and great selection. It is a little more expensive then wish but so far the quality of the items that have shown up super happy..
Great site and terrible app Aliexpress is a great platform! But this app is absolutely terrible!! The sellers are very spammy and unprofessional. Aliexpress is very good with resolving issues but can't control anything they do! Most of the listing has fraudulent prices. I hope they fix it.
Too disappointed when ever i open app or order something, this message " To protect the security of your account, please use another device to sign in." comes on the screen kindly help me to solve the issue. I'm not using any VPN..
Works fine But the limit of just 11 different wish lists seem arbitrary and way to low. There is also a setting for turning off video autoplay but it does not seem to work..
I have been unable to pay for my order. Using a different card because the card on my file has expired and when I enter another card information, it goes back to expired card and declined. I have been trying to contact but no success. No phone number to call. No customer service to contact. I tried to remove the old card, I was unable..
Great app. Easy to use. Wonderful customer service. Easy access to thousands of retail & wholesale companies. Most sellers have top quality & value for money products available. Have used this app for over 4yrs now & never had any problems. xxx😊💖.
The App is still great, the products selection is great, but shipping options and cost after Covid 19 however completely destroyed any chance of me every placing an order on the platform again. Orders for $5 products cost $80 to ship so then I'd rather use platforms in other countries..
Great app, but always read very carefully the descriptions and what your buying as they try and trick you into thinking its cheaper than it is by having multiple products that are not in the same category..
AliExpress continues to excel in The Complete Manufacturer- Reseller Platform experience. The Order Entry, Streaming presentation of Products, Chat, and Payment functionality, is ...in one word.. Superb!! Keep up your great work..
It's good, although when searching and sorting "low to high" it shows some offers, yes, cheap, but shipping is unavailable or costs 100(!) times more than the product. The same with free shipping..
Great app for buying all types , Wonderful I love it. It's a great app and I can find almost anything on here also the 'free shipping' button only works for certain countries.. I like this app muah.
An overload of ads everywhere. Sometimes I get 3-4 spam notifications at a time. Currently eating up 1.2GB of storage space on my device, which makes me wonder what kind of data on you they're caching..
This app is good. I had a bit of trouble working out how to use certain things like discounts, and some of the app is messy and confusing. I managed to order a necklace and it arrived in time and in good condition..
Recommended for people who're searching for old or used stuff, although you should always make sure of the product info and specs before buying so you don't make a mistake, all in all, good app.
LOVE 🥰 ALIEXPRESS!!! Tons of selections for anything you're shopping online for, at wicked discounts. Lots of ways to earn coins (Redeem for Coupons, % off, ect.) Id recommend this app to anyone who's looking to shop online, Qualitys 100%, Easy To locate & browse around, Instant refunds for legitimate reasoning, & Coustomer service is quick to respond & guide you to access your needs. I totally recommend downloading this app 😃.
Great app used it for 4 years. Always pretty quick to sort out issues. The gamification stuff is a little annoying but doesn't get in the way of the general experience..
The app is no bad. Keeps sending adverts, annoying but manageable. Problem is that you have to wait months before you get your order. They predict a certain time, then ofter the order, it chances, then changes again. You miss birthday presents etc. Better but in your own country..
I love this app. I first downloaded it 7 months ago, it was glichy. I redownloaded it and it worked great. Thanks ali faster shipping and better quality products than Wish and apps like it. The sellers communicate with us i love this app. 💁😍😎🏋.
The app is ok to use. Most annoying is that despite the fact that I've disabled all notifications except orders it is still sends promotions and junk which i do not want at all. Uninstalled...untill they fix it..
Needs improvement. The Chinese can't communicate very well in English. However, the service is quite good, and refunds for products not delivered is quite prompt. The shipping time is a dampener, though. Takes very long. - And shopping sites like Amazon and Flipkart are rapidly closing the price gap. Ali Express is becoming a less attractive shopping site by the day..
Why wouldn't the photos in reviews upload all the time? 😡 it fails every single time even if i try it a hundred times. Might get uploaded once in a millions tries. Please fix this probpem as soon as possible..
I've used it a few times for low value item. Pleasantly surprised by delivery speeds within 14 days. Tracking is effective. Prices very good, obviously. Can be confusing to navigate but not impossible..
Great app, but sometimes when an external link redirects to the app, it goes to the home screen instead of the product page. That's a little annoying sometimes..
I love this app , I have been buying from this app for a year , sometimes it takes a while to get to Knoxville but all and all , one package never came but all of my other items came . i truly enjoy shopping from this app . i recommend for you to download this app , promise you will love it . Respectfully M.Davis.
This is not an app, this is a webpage. Hard to navigate. Irritating pop-ups. Getting a constant battery of sellers' spam messages in inbox..
Great app. Love the way it tracks your preferences and displays products accordingly. Smooth interface but limited support options. Still refers to the desktop website if you want to check claim details..
Once used to the layout, a pleasure to browse and shop. First purchase was quite painless & product was better than I have expected. A+++..
Payment failed This payment has been declined by your card issuer.Error code: CSC_7200015.. every time..😡 But in other sites like Flipkart Amazon, the card is working. And the bank card is shown saying that there is no problem in the card.....
An excellent app to buy anything from everywhere. It is recommended you read and analyze the sellers to know their reputation before before buy, but overall the products I've bought have arrived very quickly and without any problem..
Always there on my phone for when I get bored. Top app! There is no topic that it doesn't cover. To me it is one giant gadgetshop!.
Great deals if you know what your looking for. Easy to use. Only downside is the ad that shows for 3 seconds upon opening.
Good experiences with a few minor hiccups that were resolved. The App is easy to navigate and the items have decent descriptions. Customer assistance is very helpful with technical problem..
I can buy alot of the same things I get from Amazon but for a much cheaper cost. You're able to buy closer to the producer through this app rather than buying from an additional 3rd party importer who marks up the prices a bunch. HIGHLY RECOMMEND this app!.
This app is fantastic, easy to use or find items and it has everything a human being can need. It's helping alot...you can easily open your own business though AliExpress on affordable price and meet big sellers with big companies. You're welcome.
Great for shopping online. All kinds of cool stuff. They give you a count down timer as to how long you may have to wait. 9 out of 10 times items show up way earlier than the expected arrival day..
You need to change your relay point partner in France, I tried 2x both were lost in transit. The others are fine, since it is done by the local post office. Now I have to wait months before the refund is accepted..
The AliExpress site was a bit confusing, definitely overwhelming in the beginning. It's getting easier for me. The ability to add categories to my Favorites list seems to be limited. For instance, I would like to add my children's names but cannot have more favorites than I have. (Maybe 10?) Love the convenience of the app. Love finding the products I need at great prices!!.
Pretty convenient to use. Suggestions are very closed to what was searched. Wish it has an option to group all orders together into 1 shipment to decrease the fees. Some pricings and coupons are confusing.
Payment not going through. My payment is not being rejected. Rather, when I submit payment the screen flickers and go right back to the order screen. I don't get any error messages or anything it's just as if I never placed the order in the 1st place. The so called customer service has not been helpful either.
It's good for the most part. But when you don't get the right product and dispute something...it doesn't always work out and can end up money wasted...thank goodness it's so cheap...you get what you pay for.
The app in the dark mode not quite good because text has been more whitening camouflaged within background color. Please check inside etalase of some store and look a choices stock the item ready to sell, so take a look it's more blanket in white.
I cant open some of the categories such as Flash deals or even tracking my orders....it goes to a white screen...nothing loads...have to resort to a internet browser on my PC. Please fix...was not like this before..
I don't know All express is a famous shopping app.. I just started using it yesterday I tried to create an account, I tried to register and it told me that I already have an account with my Email. I tried to sign in and it told me there is no account in that Email.. This is confusing..
Pretty easy to use, Kind of like Amazon. I found products on here that would otherwise cost be 2x the amount. Definitely worth a look at least..
I use to like this app, and made a lot of purchases for my own. But now shipping prices are extremely high. For me it's really bad app now.
SuperV. But need to Add MORE feature in app. As like in filter as shipped to be/ as on Available shipping destination / Free shipping / Shipping Method.. Etc Need to add easier International Payment. As online Bank transfer. Etc,.
Can find anything I need in here. But I only log in when I have to use it, that way I avoid the notifications, all do that on all my apps that are not needed regularly..
Awesome app. More incredible products and tons of choices. You could buy products that doesn't have in other online app store..
What is not to like. I was a millionaire and i now have no money left and a house full of gadgets i don't use because you can buy absolutely everything on it. It's easy to use and the competitions, games and coupons are great.
I love it. It's a great app and I cam find almost anything on here. The only problem is that many items show up on my feed that aren't even available for delivery in my country. I suggest you add a feature where we can filter out where items can be delivered to. Also the "free shipping" button only works for certain countries but I want to see products that have free shipping for my country. I think this needs work so that it's not misleading to customers..
Excellent buys if you do your research. You MUST really read carefully the specifications carefully to make sure you're getting what you expect. And if a deal looks too good to be true - buyer beware.
When you buy an item, it says it should arrive after 1 month. When this month passes, it extends the time automatically and doesn't let you open a dispute if you have not yet received it..
It will be nice to have, message list, with the picture of the order, not the seller. Like the cart list have..
Dear Aliexpress I used to love your app a few years ago Now I've stopped using it. The prices used to be good for everyone. Now the only who can get cheap stuff are the Russians . I search for an item and see the price 2$. I click. The real price is 2$ in RF and 30$ people outside Russia. Please add a filter for those products that are only cheap when shipped from Russia, add shipping from Russia to Europe, or maybe make the prices for goods shipped from China similar to them. Thanks..
It's really good and cheap, some clothes may not look as similar as the photos but overall nice..
This app is good because it's working well, I can't fund a wallet, whenever I try to fund it they reply is wallet still under construction.
I am getting the same recommended products in the app home page over and over again even though I have paused my view history. IT IS REALLY frustrating..
So many great items at discount prices. I have been ordering for years and no problems. I would definitely recommend this app..
Infringe privacy by scanning other apps installed on my device, and try to access it. After turning off notification, keep getting all marketing spam messages and notifications every few hours..
Good app with a bunch of cheap stuff but don't expect high quality products and don't expect the estimated date of arrival to be accurate. My orders arrived atleast a month after the estimated arrival date..
Search results are misleading. Shows what look like great low prices, but click to purchase and it's suddenly more expensive. Some accessorie(s) or variation of the item will be at that initial low price displayed, but the item you want and searched for will be at a higher price. Very frustrating. There are some good deals on the site, but search carefully.
Too many timed ads and popups preventing me from actually using the app right away when I open it. There's a ton of other marketplaces, I'd knock this behavior off or lose business to the others..
You can find items easily and add them to your cart or buy them at the same time. The navigation through the app is easy and the payment system is very convenient to use..
Always been pleased with delivery and prompt resolution on the odd occasion that an item has not been received or was damaged..
Great App, Deals on everything. Just takes a little bit of time to arrive..
Late with delivery, slow and disfuncional dispute resolution. Irritating coin popups. Amazon better choice. I am diamond buyer and still its useless..
A little difficult to navigate at first but it does seem to work fine. No glitches found yet..
Do you want to get mediocre pricing and poor service along with the almost total inability to return a product? Download this app! You will be greeted with an application that looks like it was produced by a fifth grade child along with customer service that revels some of the worst in the world. You will be lucky enough to buy cheap garbage that likely breaks the moment you open the box or else is entirely dangerous, unsafe or wastefully disposable..
Alibaba is a great concept but the app is complicated, when you return to the shopping basket your items are missing. I wish the app was more user friendly as u can spend time to order..
Getting around the app is more confusing than the desktop version. I don't like how coupons are advertised; It's like a pop up for a newsletter. I wish I wasn't logged out every time I close the website. (Ex: Them asking me to log in even though I never logged out).
Stop sending 2 push notifications only containing advertisment PER DAY! it's just ridiculous. Also, you're a app for a web store. You do not need to contain other advertisment..
There credit card processing stop for over a week and I knew I had money on my card because I spent money on my card on three other shopping apps and my card went through perfectly fine for stuff that was the same amount that they're processing system wasn't authenticating when I was trying to buy something I only was able to get two of my items to actually go through their credit card processing system.
Very efficient. Only problem is that many emails I receive are in Thai which I am unable to read..
That $10-$20 coupon that constantly pops up in the cart area is insanely annoying. It's a huge turn off and I'm less likely to want to get anything just to avoid such an irritating feature..
I love it. It just the shipping is kinda long but most come faster than expected and the prices are great..
I find it quite ridiculous that out of all the apps I have ever used (a few hundred), this app is the only one whose notifications forces your phone to vibrate even if you have it on silent. Like, WHY?? Now every time my phone vibrates I think it's something important, but NOOooo it's just some random seller messaging you about deals u don't care about. JUST WHY???? Why do you do this AliExpress?!?!? Why can't you just be an effing normal app for once. This alone makes the app worth one star..
Pretty much has become a scam after the covid outbreak. Goods either don't arrive or arrive 8 months later (my case). App design has made it difficult to navigate, as it does with each update. Currently losing a dispute because it seemes like protection time hadn't expired, while there is no way to see protection time anymore, or I couldn't find it because it's hidden away somewhere in the awkward app design. I loved AE so much. Hope this isn't the end of you..
Interesting mix of product. Being a gadget nerd, it can be fun. BUT... They need a copy writer that understands English a bit better than presently, is difficult and confusing to navigate. The product reviews within the app seem contrived... raving about the product's shipping but not the product. I just wish the site was easier to use, and that acknowledgement emails would be sent upon purchase, as well as posting shipping costs, BEFORE purchase..
Excellent although there are alot of notifications. These do target the type of items you have been looking at so not too bad..
Not bad, but some problems. Sharing of public wish lists doesn't work, throws an error message..
It's a but confusing, but with many items. If it was more clear content could be better for users.
It's just like a free mobile game (with bunch of pop-ups) you have ads once you open the app which you can't skip for a few seconds, then almost on every screen you have pop-ups all over the place with coupons, offers or whatever. I used to buy a lot of stuff there but now the app is just unusable.
Most confusing app ever. They need to hire a pro UX designer because the app is a labyrinth. Select coupons seem great, but then it's a huge pain in the arse to find what you want from a store that is also accepting them. You basically will be stuck in the app forever to get $2 off. The sellers I've worked with are responsive, some products are great and others are trash. It's a new frontier..
Useful app, no problems at all. Maybe a little bit too much alerts..
Prices are Misleading, When you click on almost Any item you get another price. It makes it impossible to find anything to buy..
It's been a good app so far. However there has been a few times I didn't receive my package for sellers. I think eliexpress should make sure their sellers insure you will get your package..
To be honest i love this app! But the only thing i have a problem with is, i can't add more than 100 thing's in my cart 😔. So please maybe make a update about that.😊.
It's really good great prices, but you can't share your wishlists I mean you can but when I press the share button it always says "there is something wrong" please fix it.
Easy to use and navigate. Searching is good and usually finds what your after..
Great shopping app, some suppliers ship out immediately so you don't have to wait too long..
Very responsive and accurate but poor on tracking of purchases. Please improve. Thanks..
Great app, user friendly policies, strict on sellers because sellers are exceptionally well behaved, very responsive, their ratings itself speak about the highest quality service being provided to the customers, ratings are on another level not even amazon sellers have such high ratings. At first I was suspicious about such high ratings but slowly when i bought products & interacted with sellers, I was amazed with the quality of service being provided to customers. Highly impressed!.
This is the one and only app with good products especially jewelry at very very low price otherwise other apps are very expensive. But it ships the items after a month minimum and sometimes after 2 months too..
The site has a wide range of items that can easily be sorted, compared, couponed for even bigger savings, purchased, and tracked to your door!.
Absolutely exceptional service so far. Fast efficient service. All sellers have been brilliant..
Very good overall. But the ads and 'crowded' feeling of the interface gives it 4/5.
Always smth not working right.. deals doesnt show up, messages need to restart app. Then it gets bugged... For few years bugs on bugs....
I love this app, it has most of the anime i like. The thing that hit me though was some of the things on there was a little over priced but i still reccemend this app ^^..
Great App, no problems with using this App. I have ordered a few different items from AliExpress and I have no complaints. I have received all my items and most sellers ship the items very fast. I live in the U.S. and I have received some items in as fast as 2 weeks. The prices are good, the only downside is some shipping cost are way to high..
This app works too slowly Options and buttons don't appear immediately. I bought coupons but there is no option to use it Please fix these issues....
The app is good, but on the phone when I try to read all the questions about an item, after 10-15 seconds scrolling down it pushed me back to the first question. Disappointing for a big shop like this..
After the latest update it struggles to load pictures, if AliExpress didn't force people to use this app to make purchases i would uninstall it right away. This app is getting worse and worse!.
Great App for ordering, not great when problems arise! I'm happy to wait, $ safe. UPDATE. No Response from Ali Express. They have paid seller who never delivered my goods. I have paid and unable to get Customer Service even though it shows on their own website as Returned to Seller. Seller has my money & goods. Good deal for seller bad for me. I've sadly stopped buying from Ali Express and buy from Amazin Amazon who have GREAT customer service! BE WARNED, IF IT GOES BAD YOU ARE IN TROUBLE,.
With each update, more and more spam is added. Now with unskippable ads.. in a shopping app which I only use when I plan on buying something..
The only thing it lacks to get 5 stars is a dark mode, black background option. Everything else is great!.
Some great bargains to be had and customer service has been great when occasionally required..
Great app, I get a lot of stuff from there and it's totally safe! customer service is great too!.
Several bugs. I can't join any pages of app. All-day long keep showing me a message to log in and after put my data correctly app show "error in server".
This is really a great app. I can afford what I want from this and also they're not expensive so I'm glad that I got to know bout' this app. I really love it🌸✨.
Very good, easy to use and have communicated with seller with no problems. Notified when parcel had arrived. Very pleased with app..
In current update, get water option not working It just show get water. But after cmplt task we cannot get water drops. Plz fix it. And give me my today water drops 💧 or ali express coupen.. .. 😊.
Good buys but frustrating to use. Price is first 4€, but when you add it to shopping basket, then it is 30€. Too bothersome to use for me..
Very easy and fast, can check tracking on items and see where they are and safe..
The application is not bad overall. Tracking orders is not very accurate. Besides, ads are a bit nagging at times..
Very good app, horrible shipping from all providers, if they ever want to start selling mega volumes worldwide, they need to start crwating their own shipping service other than aliexpress standard because it sucks, we need affordable fast shipping, and china needs to build such service ASAP, using standard post service my packages get lost all the time i vant order anything of value its stupid..
Good app. But coupon is very confusing. Don't know how to use my coupon I collected. Shown up balance collected but can't use that balance to pay/buy products..
It's good once you get used to the way prices are displayed based on what options you want. Main complaint is that search facility seems to give a lot of items that don't match criteria. Getting extra product info out of sellers before you buy can be difficult sometimes..
Very satisfied with the App. Secure and encrypted for purchase the products. I have been using the App and purchasing since 3 years ago!.
I bought once, it was great no question asked about my ID's or where I lived, I received my package quite fast. When I tried to buy with an other prepaid card, they asked to go in appeal. The appeal form asked me to reveal highly important documents, online, just to buy again. Of course, I will not do that. I highly recommend to DON'T BUY from this site or app. I alot hope dealers will switch to eBay or Wish instead. I'm so sorry to give a low rating. So sorry again... I very apologizing....
I regret updating this app. Pictures of products or reviews do not load, it lags and hangs. How can I go back to my old version?.
I've had mixed experiences with ordering products from AliExpress. The last time I made purchases I told myself I was never going to use the platform again. But I've just made a recent order in my items are arriving a lot faster this time around. And so far no missing packages..
The app is great, navigation is easy and not needed of 100 clarifications while singing in compare to what you have to do while signing in through the web.
Really good quality items and really easy to use. And items come earlier then specified..
Absolutely rubbish. No cash option. Everything very difficult. Wasting time..
This app has improved a lot. You can keep track of your purchases that's very very important..
It's a very good App, am just asking my self what is going on, it looks like PayPal payment it has been cancelled. It's ok the are lots of product they don't use paypal, but some they use normal. Why 😭😭😭😭. Please an answer.
This app is like wish,cheap stuff, but it doesn5 take a long time to come,which I love.
This app works but unfortunately it tries to push all kinds of distractions on me. You cannot setup preferences on goods you actually want. I buy electronic parts mostly and dont want to be bothered by clothing, toys, gimmicks. Also a lot of listings which show a complete article but are only about some small part of it 🙄.
Great app and my items arrive well before time. Under 2 weeks to Birmingham uk. Update...Brilliant shopping app! Highly recommended 😊.
OK. So it is a shopping app FULL of information-that is GREAT!! But the learning curve to find and figure out where things are is pretty steep. The initial find something, order something, pay for something is straight forward. The rest of it is a hunt and find experience. I have been using/buying from this site and have been happy (so far) with the items I have purchased..
I had rated it as a 5 star but now as 1. I do not know what's wrong with the app. I cannot see the items being displayed..
Impossible to use anymore. It just pops always from notification from messages from sellers, I can press an it, it opens and it notify again and again. Impossible to use.
The app is ok but the shopping experience has been bad. A lot of the items i bought either didn't arrive or arrived damaged. Then it is painful to get the money back and communication with customer service is often quite hard. They make it seem like they know your case and tell you they are going to action it and escalate it, only to receive no further information, and you have to restart everything after a few days..
Bought some figures through this app that appeared to be original. Turns out they are fake/remakes. Turns out the vast majority of figures are fakes/remakes from China. Tried to get partial refund for the fake product but ali exress refuses to accept that they send counterfeit goods..
A bit too much on screen and can be awkward to navigate. Seems to work ok and just had my first order delivered..
Its pretty cool . You can find almost anything on here and most things are a lot cheaper than anywhere else . The only bad thing is the long shipping times , but most of the things you'll order from here aren't necessities that you need asap.
Had to uninstall after endless notifications even after I disabled all notifications. Also annoying ads each time I opened the app..
App is not working properly. Nothing is showing if you tap track order, view shop, or cancel order. Please fix this..
apps is easy to use, and the item they are sell very rich of variation and i cannot find in any other online marketplace..
Pretty good but could be better. Wish that the app was able to be used landscape orientated..
The worst customer support ever. If you encounter the problem first you need to talk to useless robot and then if you are lucky you can talk to a real person who will tell you to wait 2 minutes to solve your problem. In the meantime you will get disconnected from the chat from being inactive and then you need to repeat the whole process. After spending few hours your problem won't be solved because they will protect chinese sellers who are offering terrible quality products..
An excellent app with the widest product range I've seen. I appreciate its mediator/umpire/ regulator role. The organization behind the app gives me an assurance that I have somebody to report to, and to help with any misbehaving vendor. This is good for trade and I like it. Besides, it gives me pleasure just to open the app and shop, even if I don't have anything in mind in particular to buy..
The application is fine, but 1. The ads that lead from Facebook annoy me terribly, when I click on them, 99% of things are not sent to Serbia, so I ask you to solve that and that they don't even appear to me. 2. when I search, it gives me much lower prices for the item I am looking for, but when I open the page it gives me something completely different, while the item I am looking for gives me a very uncompetitive price. so that the search loses its meaning..
I like the app it works pretty good but a little bit communication by sending things back like photos impossible so it has a lot of problems this with communication back to the merchant. Not so happy about blanking out things you want to see I think the process for buying with credit card is dangerous with AliExpress and wants the money has gone from the credit it's a major to get in touch with AliExpress. My credit card still has not been loaded back on again on aliexpress.
best place to shop online. Only that the search results is not accurate sometimes, especially when it comes to the prices. A given price is displayed but you see a higher price after making payments. This is just unfair since it can be embarrassing if you don't have enough fund as per the new price which most at times you may not even be aware of but only after you make payment. This must be resolved or I quit buying from here. Tnx..
Good products! And easy to buy online, until now I have no problem with the products and if the didn't arrive it got my refund..
Great range of products and always turn up even at the moment with covid and post is very slow , any problems with product and they're sorted out quickly many thanks Ian.
Things you look at get added to the Cart by itself and then you choose another item, then you have 2 things in the Cart and try to delete one, following the instructions correctly and what ever you do, it shows 2 items in the Cart . Luckily it sort of Deleted the one you don't want. Sleazy trick to try to get you to buy the one you deleted. Very bad business honesty. But not criminal..
To much ads, too much mini games with a lot of animations. But so many stores where you can buy so many things.
It works great. I'm able to get around the app and order my stuff with no problems. I have also received my stuff with no problems..
First i thought its a just fake app and i randomly order 2-3 product from them.... But when i got dat very products next to my door..... I was literally surprise n price difference was too much as compared to local market or any other e-commerce app.... Hats off to you.... Your doing a great job.... But der is only 1 thing which i hate about this is it takes too much time to reach the product.... Sometimes more 1-2months....except this everything is super ok......
The app is no different to the website, great if things go well.. forget getting resolution if they go bad. No ability to respond to Aliexpress or the seller after their decision..
Lots of good stuff, just need patience on communication, but overall its a good experience.
It's a pleasure to shop at AliExpress. I have to keep track of my orders however because shipping takes fantastically long and I sometimes forget that I ordered something!!! There is a wide variety of items . It's fun sometimes to browse and see all of the latest stuff! I love "window shopping" sometimes, too. Because I usually find something interesting and useful, if not potentially futuristically useful!! Ha!!!.
My favorite shopping app. It's so easy to communicate with both seller and Aliexpress support if additional assistance needed. To me this alone deserves a 5 star..
Overall, the app itself is ok. A little confusing to navigate at first if you don't know where to look for certain things, such as your recent purchases (on bottom row, "account", then near the top "view all". I'm still unsure about how to obtain and redeem coupons, coins, and other bonuses. Refunds and returns are easy enough, although depending on the item, a return isn't always required to obtain a refund. No bugs or anything wrong with the app itself..
This app is great, I saw something on one site for £50 and I got it from the same factory on AliExpress for £15 - best app ever.
Good App. Similar to Amazon, but not as smooth as Amazon. But can find more items than in Amazon..
Great App! Selling gorgeous quality stuff at a very reasonable prices. Now I have dropped Wish completely and started doing all my shopping on AliExpress, I wish I've found them earlier! 👍.
A great app, but i prefer if there are more than just one type of payment system. Using visa a bit problematic.
Used wisely it's a very good shopping app. Cheapest is not necessarily the best but it may be..
The tracking is horrible. It app used to be great. Every time they try to improve it it's become more disappointing..
A great app, I love it.. never had any problems with the app. Thank you.
The app seems ok but some products are poor quality and not worth the time and money. I want to have the opportunity to review a product after 6 months of use or one year to be as honest as possible. You can't write honest review after 3 hours or one day, you have to test it and find out if it's ok, or what problems you have encountered in the meantime. For example I want to make a review of a product that I purchased 8 months ago, btw is 4 from 5 stars rating, I don't find this feature..
Previously, I enjoyed using the app but now, it's like a total waste of time. I can't pay for my goods with any of my cards cos it keeps saying failed transaction even with cards that I used earlier. I hear there's a paystack option for payment but I don't have the option on my app..
The app doesn't let you add your favorite item choice on your wishlist only the default picture for said item. You can only add your favorite item choice on your cart not wishlist. If someone was to shop on my wishlist, how would they know which one to give me because all they would see is the default item listed and not the other choice options that are listed with the specific item. They should update the app with that image feature for the wishlist and not only for the "add to cart.".
Very good. Lots of useful features and alerts. Easy to use..
Great products, with fast shipping. Love that you can reach out to the seller. Has been a great experience..
One of the best online shopping app I have so far used.very simple, quick and easy interaction. It is a treat using..
Useless coupons and "events" trick you into buying more stuff. Mediocre products get a 5 star rating because the extreme low price matches the low expectations. Lots of sellers are simply reselling and don't have their own stock. Don't buy based on the star rating, carefully read the reviews and look at the submitted pictures in the reviews before buying. You can find high quality products and honest sellers, but there's a high risk of buying a crappy product..
I like that on the app, they convert the price of the product to local currency whereas on desktop you see USD. Overall app is easy to use..
Very good app, everything in clear no hidden things are there. Refund is easier..
While I initially enjoyed using the app, the customer service experience and dishonest sellers ruined it for me. I've raised a technical problem with customer service more than 1 month ago, spoken to 5 diffident people since then, was promised urgent response and nothing so far! And some Sellers would oversell during Sales periods and then never send anything, it's such a water of time!!.
Most of this app works well but there are some very irritating issues that I REALLY wish would get fixed. First off, the share function for wishlists never seems to work which is very annoying considering I can't view others lists or share with friends. Second, I signed up using my google account yet cannot change my password nor sign in on the website. I don't even know what my password is and cannot use the "can't remember" function because none of my emails receive the confirmation email..
I started buying from AliExpress through PC browser, as I do for most online purchases. Compared to browser, the AliExpress app works just as well (so far, at least), but it also comes with several benefits (some of which I am still learning about), one of the most fascinating being the possibility of applying to freebies! Overall, I recommend trying out this app for regular and new clients of AliExpress..
Love this app so much more than Wish, personally. They ship things faster, prices are better in my opinion, and they truly protect the buyer if something goes wrong and your item is never received. Covid has managed to totally screw up a lot of my online orders and I just never end up receiving them. This app has really made sure I get my money back, with no hassle. That is truly appreciated, let me tell you! Plus, unlike Wish, a LOT of items have free shipping if you look around a bit!.
Every new update seems to break more than it fixes, click on tracking and I just get a blank white screen. Layout has got better over time but still leaves a lot to be desired. Loads of ads for stuff totally unrelated for items I have previously looked for. GUI is messy which lots of clicking through random pages to get to where you want, seems like the app was designed by proxy, a persistent home button would be one big improvement..
UPDATE: they added list listings, which makes the prices a lie. The item youre looking for is a lot more expensive, but they add a cheap item to show their listings. This marketplace requires a sort of a skill to find and get what you want cheap still. Also free shipping is now conditional so also a lie..
I can always find what I'm looking for at a great price!!! There's so much to choose from I love this app!!!! The way a buyer leaves a feedback can be improved. Sometimes I have to do the process twice it is time consuming and irritating but overall love AliExpress!!!.
It would be nice if when searching for a Particular item the site lists those items directly associated to the item i searched for. and above all, the item one searched for. Also if aliexpress is going to send notification atlest send notification of items I have searched for. not things entirely different. Example: do not send me notification for ladies wigs if I am male and search for outdoor equipment. I will not buy a ladies wig..
Too confusing app. Many redundant things - promotions, coupons, coins, feed with followers and likes (like Facebook), games, lottery, etc. It's not a plain shopping experience. There is not a way to sorting by price. For example if you want to buy a pack of 200 pcs. of face masks, you have to open every add for face masks to see the price for 200 pcs. Ridiculous!.
A lot of great stuff, excellent comunication, I had a problem with a shippment and there were no problems with the refund.
I am very satisfied with the service. Very fast delivery and the product arrives as advertised. Any concerns and questions are dealt with immediately. I highly recommend this shopping experience..
Good app but I've been using it not more than a month and it started getting slow.
Works well and has all the information needed for selecting and purchasing..
Aliexpress purposefully allows the sellers to hack the search algorithm. e.g.: you search for a high end phone and sort by lower price, then you find a listing with a good price. But when you open the listing, the low price is for a way worse phone (that doesn't even worth it), listed as an option, and the phone announced is way more expensive. It is impossible to sort by price or to find out the real price without oppening the listing. Amazon and eBay don't allow this price hacking..
I like the site, depending on what I was buying. Clothes and such things, I have no problems. Electrical particulary PC components absolutely not, too many scams. Which sadly gives your site a reputation for being dodgy, which is not all together your fault. I just hope you can to the best of your abilities, keep the scammers off your site. So people have confidence in their purchases, because I think you could be great. Hope that's helpful and positive..
Latest versions are awful. I don't know the idea behind it, the older versions worked great, the new versions are clumsy, slow and full of bugs. When you it the "back" button you go back to the top of the list you where seeing even if you where at the bottom for example. At this state is unusable..
The app was better than the way it is now. This day, the seller can confirm order received just to get his/her money while the customer is still waiting for the item. Also, I discovered that the dispute was finished without the satisfaction of the customer. Today I saw on the platform that my money had been refunded while I'm yet to receive it. I think both the AliExpress and the developer should do something. Thanks..
Good products that are available elsewhere but much cheaper here. Just allow plenty of time for delivery. (anywhere between 1 and 2 months) Some sellers ship from the USA very quickly only with higher shipping charges. Excellent buying experience except for communication with sellers. It is obvious that many of them understand very little english if you need to ask a question..
This app is ok, well built. My problem is with the ads when you open the app, the daily notifications in regards to a good offer or those super-itchy wool underpants that are on SALE! The deal of my life! STONKS! I need the notifications on, to check on my orders status. And please stop bombarding people with "sexy woman underwear", rubber dicks, falus pumps, bras and yoga pants worn by porn actreses. If we want those things we know how to search for them without your sick-intended help..
Acceptable ..pity you can't get related items when scrolling and you want to compare..tried other apps but usually come back.
It's a great app, yes, I love the things I get to buy, there is so much clothes that are my style, but I'm only giving 3 stars because I'm not able to share my wishlist? It's not set on private, I've verified my account and finished everything, so I dont understand. Please fix this..
The app itself is not bad. Problem is with merchants who are more and more in the scam business. Listing prices are not the selling prices. When you check out you realize that product is way more expensive or the cost is shipping is huge, or the cheap price is on a totally different product than the one listed. Search for products in this situation is very time consuming. Buying local many times is more easy and also cheaper. Also sorting on price is a mess. Loosing interest for this platform..
Works great! Only wish the results of my specific searches were a little more narrowed down otherwise great app!.
Good app, all products available. but only one thing is cash on delivery is not available, and delivery in india makes 30 to 50 days.
Great app. Used it a lot. Hard to keep tracking items that hasn't arrived..
Every purchase has arrived in a timely manner and great quality..
Great app, so many things for so cheap, made many purchases recommend for everyone.
This current update is not user friendly, it's complicated and slow on messages..
Has been a decent app for the purpose, until someone decided it was a good idea to show a banner on startup. This defeats the purpose of the majority of notifications and even some of the advertisement - as you click on it and land on the splashscreen instead on the actual message/good I was aiming for. After several seconds, the splashscreen is gone - but I get redirected to the ali mainpage. Please, get some UI specialists and not the marketing sPeCiALisTs on board..
The application has an error because it will not insert the image to the seller. It reports a white page only with a back arrow. People can insert the image for disputes and not private messages with the seller. In addition, it does not work properly for feedback started watching the order at the beginning of the list. Aggravating and confusing for work..
Good but dificlt defficut to sort and filter. Because its not available in averyware. The price and offer price is showimg in the app is confusing. Showing somthing in the first place and if you r in the product page it will show u something else. Very dificult to pick something that in interests. And the account verification i tried so many times. But its not working. Something showing in chines and i transilated it. i cant verify my account. They didnt give any options to solve it..
It was a great app. Now its return service is unreliable. You get 1 label per order, which is fine. But if you have an order with more than 1 item, and you open a dispute for all of them, it only lets you return 1 item and doesn't let you proceed with the rest, and just cancels those disputes since "you have failed to proceed further and return" those items..
Terrible! This app cannot be used. When I tried to register for an account, they said my email was already in use. When I tried to reset the password, they said no such account existed!!! When I tried to contact help desk the app insisted I log in first!!!.
I am very happy with this app. Works well. I have purchased several things, some took two months to get to the US, in San Francisco, where I am located, but these are coming from China. They put the money in a escrow account until you received the items you purchased, if you are happy with the items, they'll release the funds to the seller. If you aren't happy with items purchased you can open a dispute..
I had a perfect experience for my very first time even going through these guys for my diamond art. Everything that I need or want for my diamond art came with my package today and usually other sites I get my art off of always have something missing the first time or all the time. I really enjoyed the quick time I had and experience I got from u guys now it's time to test the material and see if it's just as great as the site and the experience is that I've had for two weeks..
My experience so far has been great. There is plenty of info to determine if an item and the seller are the right choice to buy from. The only thing I dont like is when searching for something, sometimes I get a lot of items that have nothing to do with my search and items that are related don't show up especially when refining the search. I have seen items later on that have the same names or words I used to search in their titles or description but didn't show for some reason..
It's become unuseable on my Android tablet. When I do a search, the results show up way too large on the screen (I only see 2 items at a time) and I can't even see the prices. Play store already says "this app may not be optimized for this device" so I guess my Android version is too old. But I'm not gonna replace an otherwise perfectly fine tablet just so I can use the AE app. Please support "older" devices..
I find it quite amazing to be able to communicate back and forth with the seller in detail to order exactly what I want..
Much better than wish. But one big problem is that the payment method. "Cash On dilivery" option is not in this app..
I buy alot of different things from them. From car stuff to house stuff. And it usually comes fast and is always the way it is designed, and if u have a question they respond back to you and try to fix anything wrong. Which is very rare. I love them.
No communication waste of time and money . Don't go for single product .if you need to get any item don't use this app..
Works like a charm. Definitely better to use than the website on the PC.
Pretty good! Whatever I buy shows up in a timely manner, and in good shape..
Don't know why I took so long to start using it. Trustful and nice online shopping app..
App will nag you for a review, lost one star because of no "later" option for review nag pop up. Otherwise, Great App!.
The app is pretty easy to navigate and as long as you're open to a long wait (to Canada in my case) you can get some pretty nice deals. Sometimes they even come a lot faster than you would expect. My favourite aspect is the culture of buyers putting their pictures, reviews and sizing realities in their reviews..
I like this app very much but the shipping price is very high but this app is good some items are so cheap 👌 I purchased a Bluetooth which is only 59 rupees and its come its very nice like all and I don't have to spend my most of the rupees and the sellers are also good they talk very sweetly. And the dresses are also good in looking I don't buy but I just see . .very good app love this app 👏 Thank you for making this Good job Best best app Once again thank you so much for this.
I rarely used now, because the way they show search results is extremely inaccurate, for example you search for $5 item and you put that it doesn't filter the results, it shows company's which at the end won't even sell the item for that price at all, you open the seller and it shows the item range from $5 to 50, which I don't care what the range price is I want them to display items for $5 only, I wish they would do it like before they really suck, now the results are like you didn't filter.
Good place for access to products from the huge Chinese industry from many countries around the world. More than 50 orders with no issues. The app works perfectly well, but it could be easier to use..
Overall, the app is good, but the online chat in Help section is not effective. It needs a lot of improvement and it needs humans instead of dumb software. Furthermore, the app showed the delivered and accepted by buyer, even when I did not receive or accept it in those days. There should be email based Help also..
I love this app.I used to order off wish (aka.....i wish they hurry up).The prices are low.The Shipping time is decent considering it is coming from overseas.If you do have a hard time processing your cc card you will have to call your bank to authorize any transaction with AliExpress.My only problem with this site is I spend too much money.Its an awesome site..
The layout and initial way the app works can be a bit confusing but once you've started figuring it out it's easy and super entertaining! Lots of amazing products with exceptional prices to look at and they just keep going. Haven't actually bought anything yet, tho I definitely have a full cart but I'm just not done looking yet lol....
Complete android app. Notification system works good. Amount of offerings is very large, which makes navigation a bit of a challenge. What occurs to me is that many suppliers within Aliexpress offer (almost) the same goods. As a Dutch my first connection with the Chinese way of selling things. Sometimes a bit of a overflowing experience (for a down-toned Dutch man) but the enthusiasm that speaks from the site and its many sellers inspires me as well. Feature request: means to make comparisons..
I like the concept of this app a lot. Aliexpress seems to care about their customers, making an easy system with a fair dispute process, if need be. I would have liked to see an easier way to leave FEEDBACK to sellers. At the moment I have to click on each individual order, to add feedback. That is very tome consuming. It's too slow. Therefore less sellers add feedback. Feedback system needs to be more STREAMLINED. Every feedback rated and added from ONE page. More feedback = better service..
This app is great for things like lingerie, stockings, and socks as well as accessories, like choker necklaces and hair decorations, that are much cheaper than in the stores but similar quality. Many products have free shipping. Shipping is long as usual for these types of sites, 45 - 60 days usually to Canada but customer service is decent and it's easy to get a refund if your item doesn't arrive The layout of the site is easy to shop. I much prefer this site over Wish or Joom..
The app seems great.. could use some better English descriptions..but all in all a good site to browse for what a person wants..
Annoying. Asking all personal datas in the name of security check to use my card. I dont want this app..
Alot of fun. More than your typical shopping experience!.
This app takes forever to deliver your things so think twice before purchasing something even though they have lots of cute and pretty things.
Still crashing sometime quailty of the programming is the matter. Need better QC team to test the software properly..
App wakes me in the middle of the night with pr oduct offerings. I turned off all notifications but it keeps happening. I think I will have to uninstall the app...
Works as expected, easy to communicate with sellers when inquiring about a purchase the only down fall is when you select an option and pic a colour you can't order multiple of different selections from the same seller. Please fix this as I had to pay shipping on each item everytime just because I wanted a couple in different colours. Seems like a very major flaw to the system..
Lots of bait and switch. Many low low quality goods. If you know exactly what you want and how the things should be quality wise, some things may have good prices. The app is built with the one purpose of trying to bait you to buying more but that is not unusual for this type app. Will be removing app as it now only hawk sex toys, scam articles and copy products.
Used to be really good and fast about 2 years ago. Now they kind of overloaded the app with a lot junk ads when opening app which slows it down and wastes your time. App is draining more of your battery because it is too active in push store ads. They really need to improve by optimizing and getting leaner by providing users with setting ability to disable the junk stuff not wanted..
the app is ok.. but don't waste your time trying to use their coupons. totally pointless, useless .....and such s waste of time! you'll get no savings! lol. Thet even entice you to buy more and move up in their status level. I got platinum membership supposedly it comes with 10% discount as a reward... but you will never find that discount applied anywhere. This company is just a SCAM! Making billions from people by scamming them!.
Love that there is so much to be found here. Many, many sellers with lots of rating info to help make the choice. It is a long way from Asia to Toronto with a border to cross, so sometimes packages take a few weeks, but usually about 2. Not bad at all for free or almost free shipping. AliExpress is a great place make non-urgent purchases, and it's also fun place to hunt around for neat stuff you might not find here in Canada..
Good quality items but facing a problem returning items, always system error, help center not helping at all.
Great products and prices. Sometimes the sellers are slow with shipping, but most are pretty quick..
I like it. Good service and tracking your items is really cool. Thanks..
Very pleased with purchased products. Even though some products took time to arrive. Understandable during the covid 19 pandemi restrictions. ..
Exceptional service. But due to covid the product arrive a little late..
Alot of translated adds. Alot of similar adds from same Company giving you plenty of choices..
Great place to find retro stuff. especially World Wrestling Federation t-shirts, takara Tomy transformers masterpiece action figures etc. And nike air max plus tn too!!!.
Have never had a problem with any of the stores. I have used this app for 80% of my vow renewal stuff..
Good prices, and great staff. I only wish the postage will be faster from the sellers side..
It's amazing but some of the seller took longer than the usual to ship the item but overall it excellent site to shop from.
Good app especially for consumer electronics products, this is my personal opinion In recent times, after COVID19 Pandemic shipping charges raised very highly to India. This was disappointed me a lot..
So good. Many things cheaper and we can find various items here. Also, lots of free shipping stuffs..
Please give us more payment options. Not all your customers have cards or bank account, I need to buy something in this app due to affordable prices they offered, but using Western Union is too complicated to process. I frequently used DragonPay for invoice payment. Also, to the developer of this app, kindly add AliExpress Top Up using local Remittance Center. Thank you. I have this app about 2 years now, waiting for the improvements to appear, butsadlyupdates onlyimprovesperformanceandsecurity..
App allows seller stores to send spam messages. Filled with stupid games, pop ups, splash screens, coupon draws. Bloated, slow and ugly. They've ruined the app.
This app is amazing. Their prices arent very bad and their services. I like the app because it has things that are usually 50 or more but their prices are about 30 or 40 or less. Now when the ship it takes up to 20 or 30 days. That's pretty long but it's fine. The package sometimes come very damaged. I would still recommend it. Sometimes they even cancel but for reasons..
Now I Can not make my payments suppusely an error on my card, after buying for a year utilizing the same card, and there's no way I can get in contact with anybody to solve the problem. there's a screen where the customer provides all the inf, but it doesn work it can't be sent, and nobody communicates with us the customer. Totally no customer service.
Was great to start with but of late have had a lot of problems, still get some items in reasonable time, then others very slow if they arrive at all. Our of the last 12 items ordered only 4 arrived, I know a lot is who you buy from bit then the support team have also failed us by showing little concern and no urgency. These days getting better service from " Wish & Amazon"..
It was okay till after your update the app now the app has so many issues and it's damaging my tablet and my iPhone will you please check out before I lose my tablet or my iPhone please..
stable on every android phone I used so far. To some extent even better than regular pc web aliexpress portal..
Great app,,, orders always arrive on time and it has great discounts coupons.
Easy to use, accept a lot of payment methods. Over all experience after many years of using become great.
it has a nice layout and is easy to use, the items are often cheap but of higher quality..
Great products with a great price but takes a while to ship stuff! (my friend got something from here and it took 6 months).
THANK YOU! Finally I had enough willpower to delete this application. I spent hours at times looking at stuff, spent hundreds of dollars there! Finally you made it annoying enough so I could get rid of my addiction! (I turned off autoplay videos, I literally never watched one, and now you're forcing them on me. Plus I can feel good doubly so: not supporting human rights violating economies anymore, i do my part).
My experience with the app is ok, just for few challenges. For somethings i will like to order but really want to speak with the custormer before, i think theres no room for that. Then for the coupon giving, i have never used any before, just because i dont really know how apply it when am to order. But apart from that, aliexpress is fine.
Works well enough, but there's plenty of ad spam..
Can't access live chat as I wait for refund of $232. Also all the orders from 2020 are not visible... No support and contact at all!!!.
Complex navagation, too much intrusive popups, frankly it need way too much work to become simple ,easy to use and minimalistic.
Received only one package on time the other two nowhere near the date of arrival. One package I have been waiting for said it will arrive on October 13, but it it now November 2. Still no package. The other package changed arrival date, so only time will tell. Amazon does way better than this..
If you open a dispute for broken/lost item, you won't be able to leave feedback anymore 🙂, be aware!.
User friendly interface and nice app. Tons of products, I like it.
Recently lost the ability to add things to the wish list but still have my original wishlists that i would add things to on a normal basis to buy later. For me this is an extreme issue due to memory issues from a injury. Honestly hoping next app updatr btings back the favorite button (heart button) so i can continue to add items to my wishlists..
Searching is utterly inconvenient. The prices displayed on a product list are inaccurate. After I open the single offer, it turns out that the price can significantly differ depending on selected variant. It shouldn't be allowed to create a single offer for several completely different products..
Need to improve the updates of tracking, sometimes I receive the package while on Ali Express shows product still on the way and sometimes I don't receive the product and on Ali Express it shows product received very strange.
Great app and you can get great prices of you know how to compare stores, It usually takes 10 days - 2 weeks . Great shopping I love it, you can get lowest price and delivery usually 2 weeks unless you choose paid shipping for faster. Sellers vary but if you have a problem w/order not coming you hit tracking then hit photo of item it will say open dispute. That is how to get refund. Also I use a. App called Parcels that closely tracks eat package. Great items for great prices. pg763567 buyer.
This app now required strong connection otherwise it's not loading. Build it for weak network connection too. lite version.
Coins & coupons now directed to fantastic farm after the latest update. Could not access it unless from notification....
Every time I open the app or desktop website I receive this annoying pop up "Get coupon". Add an option to disable it or hide available coupons somewhere in my account..
Needs sorting by shipping, also show shipping in the list instead of opening each item to view shipping cost.was better before.
Always open disputes right away, because the dispute portion has a lot to be desired. Also, leave feedback right away because if you don't you are not able to shortly after, so if a seller plays games with you, as many of their sellers do, then you are out of luck. No dispute AND no way to leave feedback..
Needs much better improvement - Tracking - you need to update your options for buyers to know when their items will arrive - also where to leave their parcel e.g - in the shed, by neighbours etc • Feedback options : an option to remove if you don't like it in a few days you can delete it or a feedback mistake you wish to remove ~ these options needs to be provided ASAP in this application. For much better uses.
In 8.18.1. version, you must log in every time you open the application. Please fix it!!!!!.
Good app but a tiny bit harder to navigate than other apps..
Great products for whatever you're looking for at a fraction of the cost!.
I miss a direct phone number, I sometimes need to ask specific questions or solve problems that can't be explained in writing.
Always good. Easy to navigate. Lots of stores to compare prices, etc. But I DO wish they had same type items listed "low to high" price because if you DONT SEARCH you'll miss out on the best price !.
Excellent app with widest variety range and best price. Shipping lead time can be shortened.
You cannot block stores from spamming via the chat function. They keep sending promotional messages that disturb me during work or other activities.
Excellent App, buying stuff for more than 3 years. Great.
Full o features that I don't know even how to take advantage of. I would recommend offers appears for every item selected at the moment you pick and be applied automatically when you add it to cart. My first experience: AWESOME!.
Been using this for 3 years, but very dissapointed of the service since pandemi hit. No item received, cannot be refunded, time waiting longer and longer. Untrusted seller keep increasing..
Overall this website is pretty awesome. The prices and the products are less expensive and better quality than the same products on wish. The only tip you need to know to navigate this website is to read the fine print. Sometimes things are awarded specifically to trick you..
the developer email provided here doesn't exists...no app support. can't send screenshots to sellers. You can't stop some notifications... Also if you select price "high to low" or "low to high" the app says "no items found"... But there are actually hundreds of items available... Developers don't reply to emails.
I hate this new updated version. I can't collect my daily coins, had to start from day 1. Tracking layout has changed and I can't automatically track some of my orders again and I could do this before I updated. I really regret updating to this version..
User friendly with specials advertised daily. Credit card details are saved for secure transaction. Offers free shipping and budget bulk buys. It's not as easy to leave customer feedback on the mobile app, otherwise it is simple and seamless..
Love AliExpress, the app works very well. Sorting favorites could maybe be easier, but the app is user friendly, lively, and responsive. I haven't had any issues, so far, and I enjoy shopping on this app..
Overall pretty good but review system needs revising. It's always a bit of a gamble on quality, especially considering you have to review within a few weeks making longer term wear testing and reviews impossible. No way to clearly judge quality as every review is essentially a first impression. I've had several items fail or realize they are absolute rubbish after using them a few times but unable to communicate this to other perspective buyers. NEVER buy batteries here. NEVER.
So far I've had no problems! Stuff takes a while to ship but I'm across the world so that makes sense..
This app works very well. It is clearly laid out, reliable and does everything that I need..
The App is great for getting stuff from China. However, the search function could be improved..
The shopping experience is bad on aliexpress compare to taobao. I brought a orico hdd enclosure. Hdd enclosure did not arrive broken or damage on the exterior. But internally it is damage. The usb cable does not go into the port fully. There is a gap. Although connected. Windows 10 does not register it. Hdd enclosure did not show up. Just a loading circle appear. 5 minutes later error. Open a dispute. Select product was damage. No refund..
I really like this, I can get all the parts which are difficult to find in India. Only one problem that is payment I don't know why I cannot do my payment Last time when I ordered, my payment was successful and now it's showing error even after using the same card as last time Please fix the the error.
Again bugs and new bad decisions for removing existing features. Now I can't choose to pay with other payment method so the seller can adjust the price and than pay. And why did you remove the option select item before ordering if there are items to choose in between you could choose the size or color of the item for example before you buy. Now we can't even contact sellers. They remove contact seller from some listings. No words..
Nice and lowest price available...the seller's were so kind and full of quality products.
App is good and easy to use. However I find that with alot of the sellers if they don't have something in stock they will send you something else. This has happened on several occasions and sometimes what you recieved wasn't even an option to purchase and the seller will just respond with "Sorry we are now sold out of this item" but it's still listed as an available item. Most if the time they will try and offer you something else or just give you your money back..
Love it. Like the function where you take a picture of an item and it finds the product 95% of the time it finds what I want. What I would like to see added to this app is purchase history. That would make it easier to buy an item again from a merchant who had given a good service in the past.
Love it fantastic app great items great prices great service, fast shipping & delivery, safe & secure ways to pay I'm so happy with it, can't fault it yet 💯👌🏽👍🏽✨😊.
Love it...a little too much, cause I want to buy more..., but so cheap and some great quality items.
This is unbelievable impudence, you can't turn off notification which are incredible annoying and very loud. I'll uninstall that app just because of that..
Good and quality things could be found but at times the delivery takes a long time..
I've never had a single problem with the transactions. And I've done like 30 or so now..
My only request is to my Google, don't erase this app from your "play store". This is a vital and authenticate app for International Shopping..
Items are inaccurate to the keywords I searched, and heheh there were many strange items being displayed on the homepage upon opening the app,.
Brilliant away but from them as they are the best to buy from and the postage is excellent.
My number 1 shopping app. I would buy from this app even if some times take long to receive there products..
I have an account in Alibaba but does not allow to login on AliExpress app. When I try to register it says account exists. When I try login or forgot password it says account does not exist..
Decent deals, sometimes, although a bit of price switching occurs..
I really like the app, BUT it has the same products more expensive than when you see them on desktop. For example my last buy had 3.50€ shipping on the app and when I checked it on pc it was free shipping!!!!!.
It's a great app I found some nice Drift wood and cute river stones for my tank but I was hoping to find a tank itself but I recommend not coming here to buy tanks for fish maybe shrimp and snails but nothing else, most tanks say they are perfect for bettas but the tanks aren't even a full gallon (witch isn't good for a betta anyways) and are "portable" please do not buy the tanks on this app ita fish abuse and animal cruelty 2 starts are removed for the tank/ fish cruelty.
I will give it a 5 when i use this more but right noe ive had a few issues with the app. The deals and quality of items for the price is so worth the wait and the randomness you wouldnt think you want but you know you want pops up. For the shipping time and payment its pretty good. Especially with the codes and coins but the time it takes to arrive is sometimes misleading..
Great app, easy to navigate, purchasing is easy!!!.
There are some good prices But heres what annoyed me: First off these amazing flash deals you wait for all day then when the time comes and you want to buy that awesome cheap product it doesnt let you because the discount is only for US users. So a big waste of my time U could buy something then find out theres one for cheaper that didnt show in ur search but showed in related after u bought. Coins are useless if youre asia customer, but you could find some product that are cheap.
Very nice application, but I wish to see the tracking number near Order ID for quick search what related to track number when I got a mesage from post office. Getting to customer service is not direct and can be improved. It was nice to get a list of my shiped order with all the details and share this list with mail or whatsapp etc..
Great app with low prices, but it logged me out and I don't remember the password. This wouldn't be a problem, except there "forgot password" doesn't work, and the customer services isn't in English so I can't understand anything. This honestly makes me livid..
Been using this app for over a month now and it started of fine. Last week I've put orders in to find out its showing the goodies have not been pay so I press the 'Pay Now' button then it errors so I click try again. Few more attempt it finally say paid but when checked my orders it unpaid. I checked my bank account, the money has been taken several times for same orders. Contacted AliExpress but it's all robot and sells advising it's not there problem So I have lost over £30 on the orders 😟.
Good and easy to use, many good stuff here for affordable prices.
Love AliExpress but the app is not tablet optimized. Some of us would rather shop in this way when the desktop is not available. 1 star..
This a a very good app! Easy to search and find what you are looking for..
Wide variety of products, everything I have purchased has been high quality and arrived before specified date. Very happy and would recommend..
Good product. Very slow postage but understandable with what is going on ATM.
Good but i cant upload photos and when i want to move things in wish lists it fails most of the times.
It is a fantastic platform to do your shopping. I will recommend it for my friends as well..
-Can't filter by price accurately anymore, displayed prices are lies 90% of the time. -Some items are extremely cheap but shipping is mega high, to trick you -During sales prices triple and then get reduced by 40%, if you buy in a sale, you pay more -Sellers never accept responsibility for their mistakes -Your order history leaves out important information for resolving disputes such as comments attached to the order etc -Used to be cheap but now you pay high prices for low quality. Lots of scam.
Very nice app. Many things we can found in here. Only shipping cost to Indonesia too long the time and quite expensive.
It's really great I was so surprised about how low the prices are plus free shipping. Some things do take long for me because I live in AK but most of it is from Asia do I understand of course. For me it's great to have when you have that little bit of money on your card you need to spend before it expires and get a lot of things with like $7 and lower..
The advertisement when opening the app is super annoying and never contains anything worthwhile. The Minigames and coupons are a incomprehensible mess. The social aspect with blog like posts feels like a swollen appendix that needs to be removed asap... Navigation and order of aspects of a product is random. Sometimes the description is the first thing below the price, others it's the reviewers or other aspects. It feels like the navigation randomness like netflix does it. Unusable!.
Happy to find so many item I'm looking for and all at very good prices. I was happy with the way it was before. It took some time to figure it out. Now you have changed the app again and it's not so easy to find all the things I was looking for..
My goods come in less than a week, description is accurate, prize is unbeatable, it is clear that AliExpress has the best prices. The app has it all. English, German, product review, product tracking,... I really recommend.
Overall good app. Sometimes the pictures are misleading..
This app has soon much to shop for!! Shipping is faster and the quality of the items I've ordered so far has been excellent!.
Application is not working well, in orders history always some items missing, offen errors.
I love Aliexpress. I always look at photos of purchases others have made and I always check the size chats..
I love this app it's cheap and has great products only issue is the shipping fee. It was 11 dollars to ship from United states to United states 😂.
Surprised on how fast they move. Also the app works quite well. Not much behind Amazon..
Excellent, easy to use app. I look forward to finding more great deals..
So many curious and interesting items to see! Easy to use interface for browsing, ordering, and leaving product reviews. Responsive customer service, too. Sometimes orders take a couple months to arrive, but for such a unique selection it's usually worth the wait..
Very professional company. That say all. But they didn't heard about dark mode. And all those flashing advertisements... I'm blind in 3min..
Full of popup ads, but at least keeps you signed in unlike the website. Watch out for all the counterfeit, incompatible, and downright broken items being sold. It's hard to tell an honest seller from a shifty one. Always buy with credit card, because aliexpress tend to side with the seller in any dispute. In any case, they will ask you to send back to China with signature on arrival, which will cost more than the whole item most times. Unable to contact aliexpress from the app on case of issues..
Order tracking is quite good. The app tells me when order is confirmed, shipping, delivered. In the future, I hope the developers will continue to improve on the search capabilities, so it will be even more easy to find related items or suggestions. Well done!.
This app in year end sale of 11.11 is facke. Because bonus buddies in timevasting . I share its more than friends and open new accounts.but its collected points money are 0 and and 0.01$.. I thin it's system error and please fix it before we change online shopping app for eBay!!!!.
There is a bug,I can't enter in the track order page! It turns white,being not able to show the tracking,tracking code nor nothing,and I DO NEED to see my order's tracking code,to track my order and know if it is arriving or not. Please fix it as soon as possible.
I received my first order from aliexpress and I love this app!! Thank you! :). I have ordered a good amount of times more on aliexpress and I'm waiting for some more orders right now and what can I say except I LOVE THIS APP!! safe shopping awesome prices great products /inventory. If you are worried about shopping and safety with your card info or anything you use to pay with don't this selling app is very safe and like I said I LOVE THIS APP..... :) still love aliexpress! ❤❤😉👍.
I like a fast app that does a good job and this one does all that and more great visuals great navigation you could score everything and sometimes the prices are even better than going with your computer and using Ebates or any other cashback program cuz the price is sometimes or better on the mobile app enough to make a difference..
I love buying from Aliexpress. I don't mind waiting, it's just a part of it. Anything I need quickly I buy elsewhere. They have the best craft kits for less than $5. I've learned embroidery and felting from kits I bought on Aliexpress. And it's so much fun because by the time the items arrive I forgot what I ordered so it's a surprise 😂.
Good and reliable app. We did our first purchase successfully and without any issues..
Daily coin not open just plant farm 7 days challenge open ehen we select coin & coupon option. Plz fix this problem..
If they decide to target your account for whatever reason, they basically block you from opening disputes allowing there scamming merchants to send you or not whatever they see fit, for instance an order of 10 items, you receive just one. But you won't be able to get your money back because they had "reason" to limit your account. I would suggest eBay or Amazon instead, even wish is way way way better. They at least grant support and respect costumers. There is no contact support option in-app..
Wide variety of interesting products at reasonable prices. One products take a very long time to be delivered is the only drawback..
The app is easy to use and there is a lot of things you didn't know you wanted until you see it here! Aaron K.
It is o good app. The products mostly ship from China so it takes some time. Go into the purchase with that in mind..
So many pop-up ads, coupons that never work, notifications, and spam.
Easy to use, reliable, quick reaction on any claim or product quality issue.
personalized too much whereby you will not find other interesting buys. it just ends up looking the same app everytime because it still tries to list items you have already bought. Also don't like the videos playing straight away if your on a limited data plan.
So difficult to add an email it will fake mess up so it can steal multiple email addresses. Stupid make payments won't go through, shady app not like they used to be. Now you pay for shipping and more per item just to get scammed in the end. Makes you use paypal and pay for it, always ask for a refund any time you can if they're going to abuse PayPal then use PayPal to the fullest..
Useless, can't even pay. Messed about by 5 people at support who promised me fixes or emails from technical support and even used alipay and still couldn't. Told me to upload a pic of my card too! It's been 2 weeks and basically given up buying anything from them since now when trying to pay it says my card has expired even though that's Aug 2021.
Don't use this lousy app! This is the worst online shopping experience ever and it's very hard to get live support. The frustrating bot won't give you any answer. If item is lost because of logistic, AliExpress will hold your money for 3 months before refunding, unexceptable! If your item isn't sent yet and decided to cancel, it takes weeks to process the refund. One of the worse eShopping experience ever! Compare to Amazon AliExpress is hell!.
While the ease is great the application has it's own glitches. Sometimes it just opens but doesn't work at all. Like it is disconnected from the internet while all other apps are working and even the AliExpress website would be working. Fix the issue and it is a 5 star app easily..
New version removed the top left menu. almost impossible to reach orders and messages. very very bad update.
Needs dark mode, better filters and a way to group the same identical product.
Used to be great place to shop. It has become more complicate to shop, and if you have complained it is biased towards seller, and now also things never arrive.
Coupons and sale prices are a rip-off and never work. They offer you "coupons" or items are on "sale", but they never get applied on checkout! How annoying!.
Never had a problem so far... great site with some amazing products and bargains!.
Great the app is good and the prices are much better then other places..
I cant proceed to payments, whenever i enter my card details you are asking for cpf number and i never heard of it especially i'm living here in middle east and when i do my research about it, it's all about brazilian customs i dont get it..
Nice treasures on this site. Double check size chart, seller reviews, and shipping times...👍🏾.
Have any of you tried to change your email address on AliExpress? Ha! What a joke! You need a verification code which is supposedly sent to your new address. It takes so long to come through that the session expires and you get a notification of that in Chinese (very nice, even though I've selected English). You need to get your act together on this Ali. My old address will expire soon and then you won't be able to contact me. Any comment Ali. No, of course not. You never reply to anyone do you?.
One the most useless application in this world. Please dnt use this App. Waste of time and money too. They dnt delivered your product after 4 months.... they want paymnt in advance. Useless App....😡😡😡😡.
Not recommended.Worst online shopping. Takes 2 months for purchases to arrive. Return procedures very complicated. Waste of time and money..
Really good app, all the things that I buy are good and reliable. Kind of upset with notifications, they send stuff like coupon codes all the time on my notifications, so it is kind of annoying, but the rest is 5 stars..
I love this store. Great prices and you can literally find everything you need..
I think the majority of positive feedback this app gets is from people that haven't had problems with the items themselves. Among one of my dozen initial purchases was a pair of headphones which did not work at all. Customer service team was just unfair. They would not give me a single penny back for the headphones because 'I hadn't uploaded detailed enough evidence' when no specific evidence was requested. And then wouldn't LET ME upload the evidence they THEN told me I needed to provide!?.
Not as user friendly as other apps. Would like to see list of all orders, then choose from within the list like other apps. Email marketing annoying; too much, too often + too many. Links take to incorrect app sign in. Completing orders not clear in process..
Best prices so far, but the shipping costs greatly increase from those shown if I add more of the same items while previewing. Another SIGNIFICANT issue is that sometimes an item is CONFIRMED RECEIVED (by whom!!??), even though I have never received it, but I WAS charged for it! So, it is not risk-free shopping..
Use to be five stars till just recently I started having problems with my items to arrive on time Or absolutely not getting them at all... Outta the last few orders I placed between a month ago and the last couple weeks I have literally only received one item 10... Contacting the sellers of the stores on this app are complete jokes cause they definitely don't know anything about where my items cause possibly be at this very moment... Need to speak with someone as soon as possible.
This a good app for online shopping. When I order an item , I can recieve it within two weeks. I have ordered a lot of items. There are good sellers and they have a good communication with us. I like this app very much..👍👍👍👍.
Update! Sellers send notices at 3am!!! Cannot block!!! Ignore STOP replies! I do NOT recommend this app!!! It's ok....when it works. Freezes up and goes black very often, every 4 minutes or so..
Lately, there was a problem with my phone number record, it was changed somehow, and this caused many parcels to get stuck and I couldn't not receive them. This also happened to some other people I know, very disappointed.
Easy to use this app. Once installed you can access everything to shop and there are a vast number of products to choose from. What's good as well about AliExpress is that you can communicate direct with the seller if need be, also you can see the status of your order, when it will be fullfilled, shipped etc.. I have bought so much in the last week, and will be buying more!!.
Very good app, gest like E-bay but cheaper, no intermediarys straight from the manufacturers.
Been shopping with AliExpress for a while now their product descriptions are accurate , delivery comes on time but depends on the item !prices are reasonable.
Very prompt and courteous service. Your prices are out of sight and I mean they are awesome. I can't wait to show my friends to all the stuff I ordered from you. Then I will give them your website. You people are awesome awesome awesome. Killer prices..
Great experience with prompt service. App very easy to use.
Was very leeery of buying thing online after being scammed on eBay many a times love the tracking ability and finding out that shipper doesn't get paid until you receive item lol installed eBay app and will use AliExpress from now on.
Despite the fact my notification settings are set to orders only, I receive notifications frequently for promotions and sales. AliExpress is a great service but it has pushed me towards using the mobile site instead of their app..
Easy to use and products run the gambit from luxury to cheap junk with prices to match..
The worst app ever. Bunch of scammers!! Never join this app as if you ever get an issue, there is no one who you can contact!! You are pretty much gambling with your money on here!.
Awesome. This is the best app I ever liked. Plenty good deals to choose ....
These are so many articles to choose from that is fun to look into..
Please provide possibilities to disable pop up coupon advertising. Personally I just about to uninstall the up..
I love the app. It's concise and informative. My only reason for giving 4 starts IDs because I wish to see product, shipping cost and total in my local currency whilst browsing items. That helps to make quick decisions when I'm interested in an app..
I have ordered hundreds of items on this app and have never been disappointed. It takes a while to get items...because they are coming from half away across the planet...so you have to be patient, but the prices are amazing. All of the people I have bought from have been fast at shipping, very friendly, and respond quickly when needed..
Good app. Fairly easy to use but there are too many buttons and options, hence gets a bit muddy and overwhelming to navigate at times..
Never had any issues with the app. Good UI, better than expected. Of course easier to search on a larger screen when looking for an item, but excellent for keeping up to date with your orders, or order if you know what and from whom to order..
Easy navigation through the app ,large selection of products.fast shipping..
Every day the app says there is a discount on items. When i tap to get to the page, it shows the same price (no discounts) for all items. So basically, the app spams you with false notifications and does it constantly..
I love the app. I have been shopping but recently I have issues paying with my card, I need help please. Thanks..
It used to be a great app. Every time I select "free shipping " the shipping on all the items are over $100 US . Perhaps it's a glitch? But please fix it as soon as possible.
I use the app to purchase diamond painting products, I love the choice of items and the price!.
I like this App. Because I can keep track of the delivery progress..
Too many errors and the whole thing is an advertising ploy. Useless customer service agents/bot only answer to every problem is telling you to try again in few hours....
Not user friendly I ordered through this app and after a waiting time of more than 45 days the app is now showing the product is delivered, but I didn't receive it, now there is no process to raise this issue my money is gone it's better to use Amazon or Flipkart.
I like this app. Easy to browse through the items. Communication is effective with sellers. They notify me if an item in my cart has changed price or no longer available. It used to hardly ever has shipping on the products. Now, many items are shipped with a price..
Prices for courier is ridiculous. Also a lot of prices for items has also increased. The app is good and it has a lot of nice things but just can't buy like before because of heavy inflation. Will only buy an item if i am in real need of it and can't get it anywhere else locally or elsewhere in the world..
Nice app could find sellers of mostly every products & on average cost, orders could take little bit of more time to get delivered to us but still worth it to give it a try.
Works good. Enjoy browsing and always find things I want. X.
When i chose free shipping and select an item it shows that i have to pay for shipping and it is not really free and the price of the shipping is tooooooo high 😠, i think u need to find a solution for this problem, i used shopping from this app but if this problem lasts for longer time I will delete this app i don't like it because of this problem..
There is no standardized method for sellers to display product details. Information will either be displayed below the item, or in the pictures, or by clicking a product information tab or by selecting the item description tab. But every listing does it differently. And so far, most of the time that I request further information directly from the seller, it contradicts the information listed in one or all of those sections..
Good app. The confirm delivery bar is too easy to press in error and you lose ability to track item. Suggest a confirmation popup screen would avoid this problem. Some delivery times are really long at the moment due to Covid..
Generally good, but shipping takes long time and there is no person on customer service to speak with.All automated and looped.annoying.not all products are cheap,sometimes eBay can be cheaper..
OK, although delivery takes time but in prefect condition and as described..
Tried to register, told my email already registered, OK. Tried forgot passwork. Enter email address , verify, told my email not recognised or registered. After an hour of going around in circles I have given up. If they cannot get this right, then I dread to think of what happens if ordering goods.
UI should be uterly simple and purely intuitive. That is why is so hard to do. Not everybody can do it. You won't ever beat your rivals in this business. Pure simplicity is like a work of art it takes brilliance, a genius to achive. I can help you!.
I am using AliExpress for years now and had found things that you could not find anywhere else. Takes a while to be delivered but it is worth it for the price paid..
Easy to find and purchase items with the only letdown being the potential time involved in delivery.
Very good online shopping app. Easy to navigate and fund what I need..
Love this app. Really easy to order etc. Quick delivery..
Very good app only shipping rates for Serbia are so silly, i hope it will be back in normal as soon as..
Very sad that app don't follow their own rules . I turned off all popups and they still coming up while app not in use.
Love using your app. There's so much at great prices..
I definitely find some good things cheap, just be careful about knock off items..
Best app for online shopping deals & too many options (sometimes confounding our confusion). Conflict resolution is also very fast & fair. Overall excellent shopping experience..
Nice app....I enjoyed it a lot.... reasonable price and quality products 🔥🔥🔥.
A lot of products available, fairly good shopping experience, but some item got lost due to logistics problem. Another issue is the app has a few background tasks running that hog my tablet, slows it down and sometimes cause my other apps to crash, so remember to save you work often.
Bad one with "ZYL Warm Corner Store" One year I am waiting my parcel! The app was better than the way It is now. This day, the seller can confirm order received just to get his/ her money while the customer is still waiting for the Item. Also, I discovered that the dispute was finished without the satisfaction of the customer. I think both the AliExpress and the developer should do something..
Good experience with this app best app to shop online. Always update and in touch until they get your order delivered.
Great prices. Lots of choice. Excellent customer service. And much faster delivery than other similar sites. If any issues, problems are corrected quickly and fairly. I have ordered over Ten things from this site now and it has not let me down on anything. NOV 2020[Edit] I have now been using the site for a while. I am well on my way to becoming a Gold member. Still the same brilliant service. I've had a few items that were not that great, the customer service was brilliant and focused..
Hello there seems to be a bug where I can't share my wishlist, where everytime I try it says "something went wrong please try again later." I've tried restarting the app, waiting a day, etc, but nothing's working. Please help..
The app is very user friendly and recently they have updated the traking options within the app and you also get a e-mail notification when your products arive in tour country custom and after thet whet it arives at the local curier. Bravos!.
Great app but takes a lot of data charges. There should be a way to clean or reset history other than the view option provided. In a that new recommendations would not be based on previous views. Good job....
I order from this app alot but all of sudden I can't purchase items using my cards because of "security reasons"??? It doesn't make sense to me because I've always used the same cards with the SAME name. I called my bank and there are no blockages on my cards. And the fact I have to submit an appeal is ridiculous since I have never changed up my information. I don't think I'll be ordering again from here any time soon unfortunately..
Excellent in terms of communication with customers and confidence in item delivery ..
Much better than the eBay app. This app is the only way to shop AliExpress, because the website is horrible.
The only thing I would not advise you to purchase on this site is ingerie. I've purchased clothing, hair, makeup and jewelry from the app and they were all just as described! I love this app..
Everything is so cute!!. Ive ordered a few times. Iteams as described. The only problem is that for some reason some iteams gets lost in custums here in Mexico. Wich i think should be fixed!! And the reason 3 stars is because shipping is almost as expensive as the iteams sometimes even more 😏.
disappointed, some items didn't arrive and it was very difficult to complain. very very disappointed.
I love this site, I usually just buy my hair items from here. Over the past couple of months, I have found some amazing deals on all kinds of products, and a lot of them came really quicker than what was expected. You just have to really look around at all the buyers and go with your gut feeling on which one it's gonna be legit.
The app works, but can use some tweeks. Fix the read messages and unread with better identifier. When a product is in dispute, review, or refund- need better set up category for easy access. Shipping cost should be clearer, instead of needing to click down the ship category..
Love this store. Cant stop shopping from this app. Things come faster than they say..
Should be 5 stars but the opening ads and Eva bot annoy me a lot!.
Pathetic pop-up ad each time you open the app! Feels like a virus scam app than a shopping app, disgusting!.
As long as you don't mind waiting 2 to 3 months, Mattel sells a lot of its Barbie inventory on the website that you can't find in the US..
Great selection but site a little difficult to navigate!.
The app was ok. Products are great, of good quality. Only the sellers sometimes cancel the shipment because all of a sudden they increase the price. Other seller doesnt reply to messages and doesnt send orders. all in all I rate 5 because this app helps me a lot with other nice sellers. Hope Ali Express doesnt allow sellers who are irresponsible, they shoukd be removed from this app. Anyways, thank you Ali Express..
This app is full of scammers, even the app itself is scam! The support bot is trash and it's almost impossible to break through it and talk to human agent!!! If you're lucky enough, you might get your item, if not, then bye, bye cash, they don't care about refunds.. I ordered 13 items, received only half of them and got refund only on 1 or 2 items....
There's no option to prevent spam ad push notifications - yet more analism from aliexpress. Not content with plaguing us with coupon popups on the website, you're now doing the same in the app. You wouldn't know a user~friendly app if it hit you in the face. Euphemistic "bug fixes" which is Chinese for unwamted push notifications, ads, popups, and update nags..
This is a great app for getting products directly from the manufacturer. If you can deal with the wait for the shipping you can save a lot of money. All of the products I've ordered so far have been high quality, Not 2nds or junk. I would recommend this app. And will do business again..
Excellent app, allowing access to otherwise unobtainable electronic service components amongst a world of other items. Plenty of postal options, pay just a little extra and you get very fast shipping, I'm in the UK, and I don't have any criticisms..
Highly Recommended! Great platform for shopping, and very quick and best service. I really liked it..Have no words for this Great platform. Thumbs up.
Enjoy shopping with Ali Express, everything goes smoothly with no major problems! Will continue to shop here for some time! 😄.
I really like the merchandise on this app. But unfortunately it will not allow my payment to go through. For some reason Police and Fire Federal Credit Union keeps blocking the payments from this app. I now realize once you receive your first order and you confirm it then you don't have any issues making payments.
Great, Just check amount of items sold & sellers reviews and it has been bang on for me so far.
Brilliant app very exciting range of different things to buy..
It used to be a good app..Now it is a scam.Their tracking system is a scam..It will notify you the item was delivered when it wasn't..I requested a refund and it was rejected..So buying from there is an illusion and a rip off.
This is an amazing app better than wish you have to try this everyone not only that they're on top of it they'll get it faster than wish it's a lot cheaper and it's a lot more funner to have so thank you AliExpress I will definitely be going with you for a long time.
It's better than wish. I remember having a friend tell me about it, but I did not care for it at the time. Now it's my go to app to buy amazing products from china!.
I love this app. Bought a lot of things on AliExpress. Very convenient to suff and you can find almost everything as long as you know the name or have the picture.
Very nice app. Great products and very easy to use..
Only buy thing for $10 max. Everything they sell here is poor quallity.Only buy simple things.Nothing has good user manuals in any language!.
Not bad shipping is pretty quick, read descriptions carefully as alot of things are misadvertised..
I've been using this app for years now. It's made in China so govern yourself accordingly. It's the Amazon of China but SO much cheaper and free shipping! The prices are dirt cheap and if you can wait 6 weeks or so, opt for the free shipping. If you can't wait they weeks the shipping charges are also dirt cheap. Everything I've ordered from all the different stores has been good to excellent quality. When it's not, refunds occur quickly. So much better than Amazon..
This app is very nice, but the are times when you open it and it does not show any thing. Just a while page but normally recover if it's one closes it and restart it again..
Mixed experience. Some of the sellers are nice and quite professionals, others.... the app is easy to use as well. The only thing that puts me off is the very long delivery time. Also sometimes, the misleading price quotations..
Prices at Aliexpress are misleading. Prices on App search results are not the same as when you select the product..
Compare to other app is the greatest for me .I used to buy from wish not anymore. This is the best buying app great prices and shipping cost is so ridiculous low. get it your not gonna regret it you're gonna love it. Best and good quality of items . Definitely recommend is a most..
13-10-2020 Contact seller is not working. I cannot find any way to contact AliExpress support. App is too cluttered, and swaps screens too easily. Product Search is much better than it used to be. But if you cannot buy then all sales, coupons etc are useless..
Pretty good and easy to navigate around. Buying stuff is straight forward. Unfortunately stuff takes a long time.... Longest I've waited is 5 months and usual time is about 3 months, until delivery time can improve ive stopped buying..
Previously the shipping price was shown with the product at cart screen so it was easy to calculate AliExpress direct minimum value. In this version it was removed and have to calculate manually if the products are eligible for AliExpress direct. Edit: They fixed the issue. Now the shipping fee is shown in cart screen. Now only misses the Aliexpress direct elegibility notification..
Great App easy to use. Aliexpress is reliable. i have been ordering from them ffor the past couple of years they have a huge selection of items and special items that can not be found on Amazon. it has variety from around the world. I have recommended it to everyone I know..
I registered to buy a specific charger. I paid for it a week later was told by the seller that it's not available any more and his not sure when it will. Be available. He sent me a worse version for the same price (after about 2months later). And the same week the one that I wanted came back on the market but he already send me the smaller version. 2nd package had a higher value then how much I paid for them which made import tax higher, I could have bought it in the UK for cheaper.
Dispute suddenly close, can not reopen, unable to make claim. feedback got time limit to give..
Customer service is useless on this app. If you looking for good and reliable service, this app is not your option. I've tried to contact customer service for weeks but no any actions to solve the problems..
The quality of every product I purchased so far is great. The discounts are unbelievably amazing. The free shipping takes a while but it is worth the price..
Gr8 app with tons of options I can't find on Amazon IP67 rated products and all the latest trend items and gadgets..
App works well enough for me, let's the buyer track most items but not all..
Description and pictures of the items are clear enough..
I love it, shop here all the time, had a bad experience with wish this replaced that no problem and I've had no problems with their customer service.
Update status of products that have not arrived on time and are delay to come..
Works as expected! But it should only show which warehouse delivers to where so there's no misunderstanding or mistakes. I'm in Australia and it shows Russia but it doesn't deliver to Australia, so what the point? Also I would like to see more BIG race drone related DISCOUNTS!.
It's a great app and everything you buy is the same as ordering from Wish! Except you get to talk to directly to the seller, sometimes things can take up to 3 months b4 you get it!.
I dont know if it's a bug, but since yesterday whatever items I search for I can only see 3-4 items instead of all of them like before. Hopefully it gets back to how it was soon..
I like the app but it's not easy to zoom in on any product without clicking it for details. Also, pressing the back arrow takes one back to the first page results instead of the most recent page..
([New review )] if you don't receive the order you'll never a refund on the coupon automatically after five days Now the game is freezing when you try to play a game to get coupons still lots of errors and freezes Sellers lie Seller doesn't respond Some Agents on customer service are so rude.
Everything I have purchased has arrived and I like the range on offer that can't be found on the other sales pages. The AI is very fast to show me more of anything I show interest in - even after I have brought one -.
In app coin exchange for coupon but did not receive the coupon. Based on the terms n condition, coupon must use before 24 Aug 2020,but still allow user to exchange it and deducted the coins. Most item have long delivery time, about 1 month from purchase..
Smaller items ship fast and larger items take longer, the silver lining is the prices are great and the quality is of high standards, I'd definitely recommend this app to anyone looking for a good thing at a low price..
Made uncountable orders from Aliexpress. Always a good experience. This is the only online shopping app I use now because of it's reasonable prices, and the best thing that you can find ANYTHING here, literally EVERYTHING. Keep it up! 👍🏻.
Great value alternative to eBay and Amazon if you don't mind waiting a bit longer..
This app is terrible. I ordered and the seller shipped it to the complete wrong address and when I ask for help the seller says to open a dispute which proved to be completely useless. $30 DOWN THE DRAIN AND DURING A PANDEMIC NO LESS..
Good app, makes shopping and navigating very easy..
I am very satisfied with the speed in times of the coronavirus and arrival of my product. It seems as good as I was expecting. Thanks.
Awesome shopping center.. And so many products have in this. There Discount also.. I love it.. Happy shopping.
Good site for literally anything you may want. As for the products themselves, depends on the individual sellers. Mostly good experiences though!.
The app is becoming more useless by the day. Too many issues. Tracking through website, absolutely impossible; purchase history lists only some items while other items are automatically deleted by AliExpress, even when items have not been delivered yet. That's pretty creepy! A huge market place like this, ought to do better!!.
The app has lots to offer and I mean LOTS! It's kinda confusing when you start but after a few days your a pro. Great information on the products and the seller..
I Love shopping with this app.but I wish they would make it easier to find the item you want. I find it, then when I try and find it again I can't. Especially the bedding. But it's still a great way to shop..
I have been using this apps for 2 years now and it is dependable and reliable apps that highly recommended for buying items. It usually takes 28 days to reach and also depend on MPC Brunei to process it..
Great piece, easy to use, and also rich. it'll be nice to have options to manage font sizes to suit individual user needs..
I love this app I get such great deals. I don't understand the bad reviews here as there isn't that many pop ups and the coupons are genuine, just be careful to research some of the sellers as some of them use fake reviews and send you a different product from the advertised..
Good products, quickly dispatched and well packaged..
I'm very satisfied with AliExpress, make sure to also read the reviews to make sure your getting the best product!.
I am not able to make purchase through my visa card. I tried so many times. I made one purchase only and don't know if that will be confirmed or not 😁.
haven't been using your app long.. but im impressed at the quality and prices... great work guys.!!.
Nice app and lists available items from various supply sources..
This is one of the most used app on my phone, 💜 the prices,the variations,everything really.
Thankyou for creating this kind of an app. It is helpful to buy things cheaper than the other online shopping sites. The goods are also in a good condition eventhough it is cheap..
Keeps getting better. Sometimes the app is weird and finding stuff challenging but it's the customer service that blows me away. Aliexpress resolutions are very fair and quick. I throughly appreciate the experience they have created to purchase directly from China with minimal effort. ❤️.
A very great app.. Goods are well package and met all specifications listed.
It's a good app. I have not run into a problem...yet. Also, the app itself runs a lot of stores so the issue people have isn't with AliExpress but some of the vendors on it's website. Read carefully and understand what you are doing. Scams go both ways. 🙂.
App makes it easy to see products and order as needed..
Great app for all your purchases online. Very trustworthy too..
Great app, some hard to get items in uk at great prices.
Very bad app. You cannot even reply sellers inquiries. Prevent you from contacting or answer at all..
4 stars because is to many ads notification and inside the app as well..
Prices are amazing, just deliveries are slow at times its hard to find the exact product your looking for, I usually have to google the item if I want an extremely good deal like 6$ off for example..
If you're a fan of ordering & paying for items that never arrive this app is for you. The process for disputing is brutal as well. Have to resolve the issue before the item is set to arrive. So if it doesn't arrive after the expected date, you've missed your dispute window. Happened several time, I'm done with them!.
Intrusive and annoying. I've unsubscribed my email from their ads ten times, but I still get ads. Update: until these days, I still recieved ads from them even though I've unsubscribed many many many times..
Awesome app for purchasing stuff cheaper than local market can offer. 3 stars for removing Material Design without option to bring it back. Edit: UI/UX is even worse than it was in 2019, devs change UI every now and then without an option to use old UI..
Great app with countless choices and great discounts. Can track your order from the app..
Polish translation is tragic. One disaster. Prices are not true ! Whole process of buying/paying is terrible, omplicated and payment methods are not working ! Whole app need a serious refurbishment..
For the most part it's a really good app. The sellers vary. You can find some really good ones and then of course there are the bad apples. Took me a little while to figure out the app. Now it's a breeze!.
The app is good, but I'm having some problems in keeping my language preferences. Sometimes it just changed to Russian! Besides that, no problems so far..
After years with this app I've lost access to my account. Great update..
Brought a tea strainer and now all it advertises is tea strainers. I've cleared history, cache, search history. Still comes up with the same. I would rate it higher if it wasn't for this annoyance..
The app has a bug. When I tap on some item in TMall on the main screen I can't see information about the item. I can see some code for this screen. I can't attach video, screenshot or logs right here but I can help you via email..
This is a wonderful app and a great place to buy stuff ,my orders have had great shipping updates on the app and I received them very quick ,not like the months you wait for orders from wish, and they were exactly as pictured and the quality was great thank you..
Why on earth is this app so large (652 mb)? It takes up more space than my Amazon and Ebay app combined! Despite this lackadaisical approach to system resources the App is buggy - it often gets stuck loading or freezes..
Although app is very nice. It has all the necessary features. So fas as payment options are concerned, it should also accept money in Indian currency. The products sold on this website are too poor to use..
It's a good app but your refund process is trash. I've been trying to get a refund on some of my packages that couldn't be delivered due to the on going pandemic for up to a month. It's just been frustrating the hell out of me. Fix it.
The app is great and I like it. The products are very nice and discounts are awesome on products. Please also add cash on delivery payment method. So the people who don't have bank account or any other issues can be able to pay on delivery time. Thanks..
It became more expensive than any other websites suddenly its not logical price sometimes....
Perfect for online shopping worldwide with huge collection. But one thing is kinda disappointed me that is whenever trying to search any specific items it's always shows some random things although describe in proper manner with specific details. Rest of all are just awesome ✌.
Make sure to check your product descriptions and how long sellers take to ship, but I have been using this app for years and am pretty satisfied, you get what you pay for..
Easy to use and clear to order. No problems.
Good overall experience, easy to navigate..
some items late in delivery, but i'm satisfied with all item when their arrived... keep a good job...
Great. Just too much adverts. But i guess it's part of the app..
Good app but sometimes UI not very clean for understanding..
The app communicates as much as they can. Depends on the sellers communication. I had 1 excellent seller & 1 mediocre seller. I definitely got higher quality than what I paid $ for. Shipping got me $$wise on the 2and seller tho. Better factor that in 1st!.
Nice app... I'm even in abroad, oreded many times... Such a useful app but not a time saver app genuinely 😂.
Great for communication and shopping Chinese markets and distributors - but as with any shopping, there are great vendors and lousy vendors. 😑.
Great App and such an amazing variety of products with very affordable prices..Only problem is a delivery (shipment) during this Covid19 pandemic...Hope it will improve after pandemic is over. Sharing your Add with many of my friends! Keep a good work guys! :-).
This app is not bad at all. The main problem I have experienced is the app can admit stores with bad sellers and scammers . The problem to buy and wait money return with bad sellers is very disgusting. To lose until 3 or 4 weeks to wait a refund . I have experienced 4 continues. Loosing more than 1 month trying to get a nice device. The app need regulate the stores and seller much better. Is really molesting buy an item and spend a lot of weeks doing disputes after disputes and fit get some ok.
Check app, its not letting me put my card details in, when you hit the 'done' button it doesnt enter credit or key card details. Ive uninstalled and reinstalled, still not working, its never done this. App not working properly dnt know if iv paid or not? Pls fix.
I love technology. China has a lot of items thah I like them and this App shown all of them. The problem is shipping time!! One month, month and a half or two month are a lot of time!! When sellers solve this issue as eBay or Amazon, buyers will buy more and more items.
I changed my address yet still the items I purchase are going to the old address. I have to be contacted by sellers regarding this. Why is this the case?! So 😡 other than that I like the app shop on it all the time.
I have used this app for years and I have had a great experience! Any problems that I have had (there haven't been many) have been sorted quite quickly, and I now own a lot more awesome things than I once did thanks to AliExpress!.
Much better, several sellers now accept PayPal, so many great products and now i can pay for them without the worry👍🏻 Could use some accessibility options in app like larger fonts and a dark mode with better contrast..
I was skeptical about the app but it does deliver as promised. It is however really slow. And I am currently waiting for an item I ordered 2 weeks ago. The tracking of the packets whereabouts could be improved. P. S. the items arrived after about two weeks. And it was OK.
Now they are saying "according to local laws and regulations, search results for the terms you entered could not be shown" What the hell does that mean????.
I do like this app a lot. I have a bit of an addiction. I use it mostly to buy jewellery supplies for my business but I've started looking at some Lolita fashion. It can get a bit annoying as it has locked me out of my account before..
Great, but AliExpress should add Cash on delivery, especially since it's impossible to pay with cards in lebanon..
It's been fun shopping on this platform. Anything you could possibly want can be found here, trust me. Lol.
Easy way to purchase what ever you want, i am using Ali Express App for years and I'm very satisfied..
I recently ordered 10 mini drones from aliexpress app i received order in reasonable time. Now my new order of drones says can be up to 89 days before deliveries arrive. I REALLY HOPE THATS NOT THE CASE. I'm inpatient lol love to try out new models. So far so good.
Easy to find products and gives good suggestions..
It's a great app to use, very secure and reliable service..
Love this app. Things come fast and it's not topphatter..
Nice app but lacking some vital element, you can't get customer care direct, only robot that cannot handle customers issues that will be talking to you, too bad that a company like AliExpress cannot attend to customers, except you chart with a robot, not a sweet experience.
Tracking and delivery schedule not accurate and concise. The App also gives a different price before adding to cart. After the addition or during purchase a different price shows up. You guys need to improve on this inaccuracies. Thanks!.
I am very pleased with this app and all the products you can imagine for sale on it. No problems or crashes with app either. Highly recommended if you like good quality merchandise are much lower cost..
When you make selection in filter it doesn't apply. For example when you choose Free Shipping when you go to the store it's not. And it doesn't give the right pricing. In search area it's says for example 10$ when you go to store it says 20$..
I think aliexpress is a great app. It is the only app that I've ever been 100% satisfied with. I definitely recommend this app to anyone that is an online shopper like me 😊. Thank you Aliexpress!!.
My products were exactly as advertised but the tracking system on this app has to be fixed as I ordered around 7 items about 2 and half weeks ago and been checking tracking every few days and it never changes it always says still in country of origin but yesterday and today I received 2 of my item's but the tracking still didn't even show it was even in my country yet it was still in country of origin and it's the same with the orders I'm still waiting for ..
App works well, but the delivery time of the sellers or the logistic chain are very long.
Not liking the latest update. Shipping fees are hidden on the cart page. You'd have to select each item to view the shipping/total cost. It's crucial to see the total right away since some sellers apply exorbitantly high shipping fees..
I absolutely love AliExpress! I can get all of the latest stamps and dies for card making at a fraction of the price. Yes I have to wait a little while for them to come in, but rarely am I disappointed..
Great app and site for buying stuff. I use the app all the time and it makes buying easy and clear enough. No problem with bugs or things not working..
Fast and generally finds items . It would be nice to be able to search using data for electronic components like NFE T 600V T0220 using a drop down menu to avoid false hits and help find a component rather than a descriptor like IRF840.
What have you done to this app? It was stable and it didn't forget your login a month or so ago, now it's horrible every time I launch app I have to re-enter my login and its laggy and freezes..
Fairly simple and easy to use. It can get a little busy and jumbled at times, I feel like the organization of categories and such could be better, but overall, it's easy to find what you want with a simple search..
Everything is either super low with $20+ shipping or just ridiculous in general. I've ordered maybe 4 things off aliExpress in September with things supposedly arriving in October but I've received nothing and its almost been 3 months. Although cheap the shipping time is outrageous for any shopping app..
1st experience with the app was amazing. RECIEVED ORDER WITH IN 2 WEEKS. Aramex delivered at door step..
After update, on home page not showing any category of product..
Very good experience so far, already have few things from them. Good quality products..
Fantastic shopping experience, the products are inexpensive.
After months and months still waiting for a refund that i never received...neither even a word about what happened...nobody there smart enough to discover and resolve the problem....
A good app with some cheap deals if you don't mind waiting for delivery.
Good app. More filters would make it excellent..
FFS don't open app when user opened site through browser. It can be different accounts. Also don't force mobile view in browser not everyone has small phone or tablet and mobile version search is bad..
Nice App.... Buying from AliExpress is always fun. Freebies, discounts, coin exchanges etc The only issue is the long time you have to wait to get your order..
App is great, even on my cheap phone with low memory++ They seem to really want to take care of there customer's. There continualy improving the app and adding new features all the time..
Bought a number of goods and have had no issues so far. Goods delivered in good shape and on time. Some ads can be misleading, search carefully!.
Since the latest update it is very difficult to read the tracking. It is very illegible and not user friendly. Please consider reverting just that portion..
Always have a hard time reaching live chat. Eva cant help. I love ali-express but they have been treating me wrong. I dont break the rules and i get punished. The platform use to be easier to use until all these upgrades messed up everything. I just want help..
Gotten worse lately: - customer care is simply ABSENT. You'll never talk to a human in case of problems. Item not as described? Your business. - it vibrates on notifications even if both app options AND app permissions don't allow it to..
Great app and I rate aliexpress much more than ebay in terms of competitive price and excellent service.
Very good app But when i am trying to order something it will double or tripele shipping charges... Kindly do something to decrease shipping charges.
App is OK with interesting technology, but sadly orders are painfully slow and tracking information is woefully bad..
Lots to choose from, Good Products!! No SHIPPING Charges!! Excellent Communication!! Products Arrive on time!! Love this place!!.
Dealing with the coupons was kind of tricky the first few times..
It doesn't work for a lot of my friends and myself. When I get to the buy page it blanks out with no customer service chat or immediate help..
I have really enjoyed this app. Shipping is a little high, but very worth it. Products have came in when needed. I haven't had any issues since started using app 😁.
Great to use , returns and refunds are simple easy to use ...dependable, and trustworthy , even when things don't go to plan..I recommend you get with it ...
Redesigned app interface isn't clean, but has a lot more information (of theirs) displayed. You can still navigate to your account but you have to get through all their on-app flashing ads and scrolling banners..
Great app with lots of affordable items, great selection. The only con for me is the shipping time but that is to be expected. Never had a problem with this app and Ive been ordering for years..
Quality is very hit and miss, and in some cases you could have procured a superior product locally for pretty much the same price. So buyer beware, make sure you compare prices, and be prepared to lose your money some of the time. Very good for some products, such as electronic components..
Great app for online international shopping! Hopefully, improvements can be seen in terms of tracking the delivery/shipment status. My future expectation is for app developers to create a single delivery monitoring platform across all merchants..
I love this App, its sell lots of lovely things from, earings to wrapping paper, I'm addicted to it. I have bought so many things off it, for my upcycling , i just love it..
I do recommend the app. Pros: A LOT cheaper than Amazon, so far disputes have been fair, sellers respond about orders in 24 hours. Cons: waiting time but we know this when buying here. Notes: be patience. Some items maybe return due to logistics issues and you would be offered to refund or resend (and wait again). The app keeps you updated when am item will reach completion, if you did not received the item, you will have 15 more days to open a dispute (or if the item is damaged). Be ethical..
The app rarely opens after clicking on the notification which is extremely annoying. You have to go in and manually search for what was the notification about. Fix it please..
Everything as described. Not so fast delivery but is understandable given the pandemic. Still testing the products. Cheers!.
so far my purchases have been delivered on time and the stuff is in good condition!.
Flexible, good price, complete items, very helpful.
Very accurate app and responsive, in Albania the shipment is always extended.
Good app very easy to use frindely I can do cheeck points everyday to get points & make orders and tracked by phone thats it.
So far I have had a good experience with this app, the only problem is that it glitches at times but other than that it is a good app..
Still has a lot of bugs, just unbelievable for one of the biggest companies in our world..
Sometimes a little tricky to find what you're looking for and since so many sellers offer the same thing it can be a little confusing. But great to have options available when looking for gear of any kind..
Easy enough to use. Brings up similar items on your main page that you have been looking at recently. Great app. No issues..
Having a suck experience shopping in this app. There is no update. The application is so lag, I dont want recommend to anyone about using this app. Sucks. If I can give 0 star, I will give it. Very disappointing, and all the people works through this app is very slow.
Easy to navigate and search for items. Excellent communication with sellers too..
will not let me verify my credit card. sends the verification email to an email not even associated with my account. cant add a card literally cant do anything. not making a new email address to sign up again..
The quality of products was so good Thank you so much,Just one issue the marker pen that was used to write the x50 got little printed on some light cases please be cautious next time..Resr everything was perfect.
Love this app. It literally has everything! Way faster shipping than wish and better quality items. Love the fact you can choose where you order from and different shipping options..
Improving. Shipping to the UK became better. The tracking is great. I love that the number is generated and can be tracked easily through Royal Mail..
I've really been addicted to shopping on aliexpress lately. Even though some items take longer than we are used to, every product so far has been high quality and very accurate to what is advertised and the prices are so inexpensive it feels weird like I'm getting away with something! Lol...
An app designed for RETAIL actually shows a stupid ad that prevents you from doing anything else when it's first opened. I'm not sure who could have possibly thought that was a good idea, but I will never buy anything with this app because of it..
The listed prices never ever matches the actual product price. Even though the product is displayed with a price and an image of the product, once you open it and select the item you want it's always a significantly higher price and the advertised price is for some completly different product. Ali need to crack down on these scam merchants. You want to search or filter for a product? Forget about it..
⚠️Prove It Motto!⚠️ N11/11 sale =50% S&H Increase! Shady Sellers ad 10day s&h. Then change after paying =30+Days! I get 3/4th way 2 energy prize & Item is sold out! Lose points 🐂💩! No more games! Why do I need review a deleted freebie a 2nd time?? Excuse block entry! 🛑 Notices about sales b/c I can't find them! So tired see a sale price thats Fake! Eg: $7 then when you go to add to cart it's more! Bad Like Wish! ? Long time users get 💩deals, TRULY! Same 💩 as Wish!.
Great for buying, terrible for leaving feedback on more than one item as when you go back it takes you back to your account, not back to the items you've bought..
Love this app its easy to find items also you can choose on some items for them to ship from the united states.
Alos press app is simply the best shopping app I have ever seen easy to use and great communication with sellers I am a long tíme using this app and it has only got better.
Shipping was fast ,the product is beautiful, only thing they fit SMALL so buy a bigger size..
Quick response and delivery, great prices and options, I'll recommend all day long..
Its easy to use and offers a variety of peoducts..
Good, but too flashy, ads keep popping up.
I love this app, the items are mostly cheaper..
Excellent site with beautiful color photos. Takes a little while to learn how to navigate the site but shortly becomes very easy..
app is very usefull but from last 1 week d'nt except my gmail for varify if i want to buy somthing not work proprly and ask me to varify your account when i slect the varification option d'nt except my gmail adress bcause of this problem i cnt purchase anythink plz solve this issu as soon as possible......
Great bargains but way too many ads and especially targeted. You click one thing and all of a sudden thats the only type of product you see. Also, sellers are pretty bad compared to amazon.. they don't reply or take issue if you want to cancel your order..
Ever since I completed/recieved one of my orders it won't show the whole page to see other orders. It just shows the one order completed. You see it for a one second before it disappears! Please fix..
What is Happening??? Using this app for years now. All the sudden nothing I order shows up. No tracking on anything. Aliexpress is making me wait months for refunds and denying refund even though item was never delivered. It's been 6 months and it hasn't showed up. "Could you kindly wait another week?" Hell no!!! This app has fallen off the cliff. Let's all go back to Ebay. Same sellers and better protection for the buyer..
Sign up for this app to buy all the items you need. Very reliable top service available.thank you.
not only takes a huge amount of time, but always fails to send reviews, especially images..
Love it...😍quick and easy and affordable would have given 5 stars but im having problems receiving my nails I purchased. Makes sad i've ordered numerous of things which came quickly but my nails still havent came and they are telling me its been delivered ummm no no it has NOT😡.
Good app. It takes a wee while to learn how to navigate through it all, but once done it's a good user experience..
Great app. So many things available on here and so very cheap. Used it for years without any problems.
This app is really great and you get really great products really cheap..
Great app! I made a purchase and they held the money until I let them know that I had my package and was satisfied..
The app is good overall, but the menu section to leave seller feedback needs to be streamlined to invoke less button clicks and back and forth to confirm receipt of product and rate the vendor..
Always very helpful. Have had no problems so far. Ordered a lot of items. Mostly fine. A very odd time item not delivered but usually get refund..
I love the app so far yes I know you may have heard bad rumors about it just try to buy from things with picture reviews or reviews with words at least yes there is a wish list also ppl are also able to post about what they buy TONS of cosplay stuff and makeup stuff.
Error 9002 - Looks like the system is busy, try again. ...when trying to create a referral code. All the time.. so I didn't bother referring anyone and wrote this review instead..
The app is so slow on a razer phone 2 thats it feels as if it is frozen but it is not. I tried reinstalling the app and restarting my device but of no avail. Please advise..
Slower than Shopee!!! Printed 18-30days but failed to deliver in time and need to wait extra 60days!!! Liar!!! Disappointing!!! More expensive than Shopee!!! Disappointing!!!.
This is my first purchase and it's awesome. Perfect time lead and accurate item. Many thanks!.
I love this app. I've ordered a ton of stuff throughout all the stores on the app and so far everything has been great. This app blows others like Wish right out the ranks..
Everything transactions i have done through this Ali app is wonderfully successful, without any hitch or stress whatsoever. Am happy and will continue buying things/goods or products through this genuine app..
I think you can shop for anything you want with this app that is one thing I like personally about it. I have not have any negative experience since using the app, other may have different options. I think the app is very good.
After eBay this is the first App I use for online shopping. Great and reliable App. We can purchase huge range of products. Thanks for creating nice Mobile App..
Interface is cluttered with stuff to get you to buy, which makes me want to run away. Other than that, the deals are good and app is usable..
Well my experience was great. Though the app some times misbehaves. When i tried to view my order which i made. The apps tells me i do not habe any order in my list. It doesnt display the order which i have made. Till i use Chrome browser berfore it wld show me my orders which i have purchased so i hardly use the app..
Very good app. Only 1 thing I wish I could do is contact Ali directly when I have an issue with the sellers on this site, that only Ali can handle. I have NEVER been able to do that❗.
This is the only shopping app in which I worry my items may never arrive. Numerous times I've had some items show up but others not after 90 days. Then the seller just extends the delivery time so you can complain. There needs to be other ways to submit a complaint to get a solution, until then I'm moving to DHgate and other stores.
Iam always happy with the products i ordered, for your own safety always double check details, this app grants the posibility to order amazing stuff that normally would not even be possible to obtain in other countries. Anything that creates new posibilities in this world should be well known and thus my 5 star review..
Very good. Can be a little annoying with notifications, but most of the time these are very helpful..
Good app. Some issues about delay delivery..
Quick, easy, good value, like the quality..
Quietly good. But there are a lot of useless advertising.
If you know how to use the platform (meaning check the feedback, read descriptions and check measurements, ask seller for real photos), I'll get yourself nice bargains and extremely good products..
Get great value items . Delivery sometimes long . But expected..
Latest update, v 8.18.0 is full of bugs, support is awful when it comes to app function. Member center has no data, it's like I just signed up. Fix your app..
AliExpress is great. l am handicapped and buying this way makes me feel Great.Thank you so much. l have had no problems once l got used to it. ...6x 29.9.2020 I am even more satisfied with AliExpress, every one should know. When the coronavirus was in the early months delivery took a very long time but not your fault, everyone was having difficulty. Now you are very organised, and deliveries are even much quicker than before the coronavirus, really more organised in everything, even ....
Difficult to compare like items on the phone version. Type what you're looking for and you also get items you're not looking for too as advertisements which confuse the search.
I can't ask a question. It is buffling that you have an App that doesn't provide for a live chat or even an email address where one can ask for clarification! 👎👎👎👎.
The app works well, but the UI contains too much "suggested items" and less info about the proruct / seller. Not too intuitive to find the shop reviews through the app..
I am amazed at such a great variety at such cheap prices and knew there had to be a catch but took a chance on something worth the risk that I couldn't afford to pass up if there was a chance it was leggitte!!!! And IT WAS!!! Showed sooner then expected. Infact it still said in transit 2 days later??? Thats the best negative mail delay in my life 2 date..
The only thing I don't like is every time I go into the item details, when I go back, it shows again from the beginning instead of where I was at...
Like de app,, endless choice & variety of all stuff,, love de choice of fashion clothing stuff I wouldn't know where to look for in a shop so 4me it's Great,, haven't had any problems so far 🤞 Good job..
Don't mind the site, Ali express shipping is sadly so incredibly slow. Big problem with mobile phones is rarely does a store say if it is global or Chinese version. If they want to market outside of China, why offer only China version software? Otherwise China ROMs work poorly anyone else but China. Frustrating as they could sell so many more phones..
It's a great app, kinda similar to wish and some other apps, but still great over all its easy to use and fun to explore it's products. It's easy to communicate with the sellers.
First time buying on this site and loved it. Very happy with the item, it did like the same as the picture! I highly do recomend this site ...👌🏾😃.
I browse this app everyday as if it's Opera browser. Lol. Wish I could buy EVERYTHING on here. I love Chinese products and affordable costs. They make everything and I just love everything. This apps makes shopping so intuitive and fun..
Very nice app. Please just have records accessible for previous or completed transactions for of a person want to re-order something..
Trusted and Best for online Shopping All are under one roof. Lots of gift vouchers and Offers Lots of unexpected Discounts, I recommend to everyone to use it..
Many purchases made and happy with all of them..
Super versatile, can find anything from anywhere. Easy to use. There are no scams. I have spent over 500 dollars and everything has been smooth. A few refunds due to non shipments but nothing to be nervous about. Don't be scared to buy, guaranteed no scams..
The app is reall good, but sometimes it's intention to sell more than you want to buy comes annoying. :-).
The flash deals and those to be exchanged by coins aren't real and it's really waste of time, as they're either only to be shipped from US or their shipping fee is twice as the price..
It crushes everytime I try to create a new folder adding to that it doesn't opened using my personal gmail for months I'm using my mum's gmail tf.
I've had an excellent experience and have bought multiple items.. shipped to the UK ( Scotland ) with no problems.. Awesome 👌.
BE CAREFUL!!!. I just bought a phone from one of the vendors - ePlus Stores - and they sent me a locked phone rather than the advertised unlocked phone. Now they have my money and won't fix it..
Engoyable app to buy stuff from and has all kinds of coupons and freebies.
Easy to use app. AliExpress has great variety of goods at cheap prices..
This app is great, easy to use and such great products..
Aliexpress is improving their services and apps which is competitive with Taobao which are chinese version only. It will be better if Aliexpress can come out with credit card installments with interest free of 3/6/9/12/18/24 months and also include Paypal service for global orders..
Fantastic app for buying whatever you want. It's just the shipping could take a week or so..
Awesome shopping app. Everything gets made in China so cut the middle man out and save some pennies. If you can wait between a few days and a month it's far more worth buying from here than you local shops..
Very bad apps..nowadays things you buy keep on not arriving..dispute also dragging and not close case even due date which they stated has expired..even worse now no more live agents,can't get anyone for help..use at own risk...
I use this application a lot and let me tell you that i am 100% satisfied. Huge choices and easy tracking..
I mostly buy here but after or if I receive my last items I will no longer purchase anything from them. I am deleting my account and the app. I have had to many issues with not getting items and bot being able to open a dispute due to the fact I order two of an item and received one of them and never the other one. I hope it can be fixed for someone else because I'm no longer buying from you..
There are many problems with this app and this company in general but I'll try to keep this review short and to the point. Use extreme caution when buying from these vendors and expect misrepresented and defective products. Expect even more headaches trying to get refunds through the amazingly slow dispute process which offers you no communication with the mediator. If you're ok with being scammed every now and then, sometimes on very expensive items, then Aliexpress might be for you..
The search function in the app is useless. I never typed something in the search box and got items related to my search words. Needs improvement..
Extremely easy to use. The UI is exceptional. Navigating around it is easy. I recommend this app over browser..
Love this site. Things here are priced so great and stuff gets to u faster. People dont false advertise here as far as my experience goes. Best shopping app in my opinion!.
All purchases are ok. Very satisfied..
Items arrive on time. Great communication..
Love this app. A lot of cute staff that you can find..
Very good app. Highly recommended. You can take pics of products and get it all on the app..
Happy with purchasing, browsing and variety of products.
App works fine, it's easier to track than on website.
Everything has been a great experience shopping this site for excellent products, communication, tracking and some insanely priced items. I have many future purchases already planned, especially in high end audio products to projects. I also have future computer upgrades planned and gifts..
Good app! You can buy some good products for a cheap price compared to other e-commerce platforms. Only problem is now most of the sellers have higher shipping price to almost all the products :/.
LOGIN ISSUE I can't log in. I put my email in and click 'forgot password' and it says that my account does not exist. So I try to create an account and it says an account already exists with my email address. PLEASE HELP..
The prices are very attractive to me and sometimes I can even get free shipping! Also, some products ship within the United States, greatly reducing shipping time. It's so hard to stay off of this app!.
I like the app and is very easy to locate my needs but the only problem I have is method of payments. Thanks.
New design for package tracking is quite broken and really hard to read. Please bring back the old one. It worked and was simple.
Sometimes it's hard to find what I need on here but it's still OK just can't search items that I am looking for. Shipping is super slow but at least I still get my items just wished all my orders arrive faster before I move though... notice that there's no actual plus size clothing for us big cubby girls.
Several attempts at check out with same bad results. Entered payment info, hit continue and that was it. No page for shipping or billing confirmation. It is HARD to trust this system..
I can't read the questions asked in feedback b'cos the sentence is half covered by the rating stars which makes it differcult to read what it's asking. Other than that I haven't had any other problems..
Most of the goods no longer come before the expiration of the purchase protection period. This should be looked into and better resolved..
This is a great app. I shop at AliExpress quite often because I can find some pretty good deals. Using this app is easier than shopping AliExpress through the browser..
Amazing deals at low prices. Very good app..
Too many pop ups, its hard to shop, give me a headache.
good and easy to buy and arrives in specified time.
Excellent app. Shopping is easy and fast.
Very good app, keeps me informed of when orders are despatched and should arrive. Lots of great bargains too. Something for everyone..
Great apps for shopping. Many good deals. Products are cheap. Easy to use..
Server problem.inspite having good network coverage .facing the problem from many days.whenever I try to open the app, either loading or buffering for long time..
Very Nice app. It provides everything at reasonable prices. Just think and search. Many seller for comparing rates. Choose lowest one..
So far I have no problem with the app. Maybe some minor bug with lower android version because it doesn't track very well..
There should be an option to set validation via fingerprint scan or similar before you make a purchase as a layer of extra protection..
It's a brilliant app that brings you so much variety of decent products. Your purchases are done in a safe and secure manner. I highly recommend this app. 👍🏾.
Ok but not as good as ebay app. Too cluttered! Hard to navigate. No search for order and tracking numbers, which is important when you get enquiries from customs..
Updating address information should be easier. There should be an option to type in the city name. Not every city in the UK is on the list..
Communication is not the best... Tracking services are not good at all... I've experienced nothing but automated responses the app overall is great but the experience isn't the best.
So far it works fine, never have problem. It is easy to use, sufficient information about items sold..
Really cool app. A little confusing to look around in, but they have amazing items for cheap prices!.
Was a little nervous making a purchase from this app. Especially during a pandemic. But so far its been great! Awesome products!.
Nice update on September 2020. It really does the job! Great products available on many different categories. Delivery could be better but it depends on the user's location. To Costa Rica usually takes more than 1 and a half moth aprox. Overall I'm very satisfied..
Great stuff fast order and shipping. Now just waiting for it all to show up before Xmas..
Amazing app, everything available on suitable rates..
Fantastic broad range of items to shop for daily!.
App is not dat user friendly... need to develope on content and one product view.. it feels messed up.. need to incorporate each ads or offer in proper content.
Don't waste your time and money on this app! They used to send orders in time but now I've been waiting for 3 months for 2 items and they dont even gave a refund, so I uninstalled it! I recommend you to get Shein, they are faster, cheaper and good quality! Bye AliExpress!.
It use to be great now it's so so needing to update all the time and never filters correct any more..
Pretty good ngl, easy to follow. A little laggy but overall pretty good.
Where can I read and reply to messages that are history? I see there are messages on the computer and not on the app. Is that a mistake or is there a separate messaging app, thank you.
I am not satisfied with current tracking system of shipping. The links provided for shipping is not working. How ever older version of shipping tracking system was very nice and more informative.
I keep getting stuck in a search results loop. Where I just keep seeing the same products!? Gets boring .. let the AI throw some more random in there please..
I loves this app. Everything I've ordered has come in quickly has been a good quality and the companies keep you informed at every step..
I previously gave you 5 stars cause yes you deserve it.... but now why is it very had to get to contact the customer care.. why does it takes forever to load the customer care page, I think that's intentional, cause every other thing works perfectly and loads fast, but when it comes to loading the customer care page it takes forever. that's bad.
The app is very NOT user friendly ! Why can't I see my all orders list?!! I don't want to see games on my first home page. I need the option to open ALL orders including received! Why is it so impossible?!!.
A nice app to save big money on small items and accessory for India. Love it totally. Been using it for years since nobody was using it here..
It's a nice app but to be upgraded. Buyers musrbe able to select direct colours and items from one shop and pay together..
Can't go to main menu directly, you should press back and roll back all items you are looking at last time. Very annoying fix it!!!.
Generally the app is okay. But looking for what you want can take sometime so this part needs to be improved and also the online help center is not helpful at all. Thank you.
I bought 200 euro phone and after I confirmed I received it, I expected to get points on membership programm, but I had no points. What the hell.
So far so good, purchased shoes and earrings, shipped under 2 months on 1 item and 1 month for the earrings.. The camera sucks! Can't upload quality images! My items very nice! 😉.
Since the updates I can't add stuff to my wish list or favourites anymore. Every company seems to adjust good working apps to make them more flashier whilst also making it less useful. Wish the play store would let you reverse downloads as well.
Can be a bit confusing with it altogether,but the items seem to be good quality and arrives faster than they say..
Overall very good. Sometimes confusing where some of the functions are but usually find them in the end..
The app is really good. Though it keeps on monitoring ur activities and notifying things you wanna buy. Which is spooky and also pushes you to buy more..
I used to use this app to make purchases and I love using it I would get up every morning And water my tree at 7 AMA like clockwork. Ever since you got rid of the tree and started this far being game I will no longer use this app it has become complete trash I am highly disappointed.
Your new tracking system is difficult to read, I suggest u go back to the old one. Thanks.
I luv to shop on AliExpress. Please guide me how can I remove my already enter credit card enter a new card. My old card is expired n the new card is with the same number but with a different expiry. The app is not accepting the new expiry date with the old card number. Please help..
In this app i found some fantastic deal's for some products. It's take some time to delivery but u can trust they will supply your items..
Really cool just be sure too get things with good ratings so you'll get good stuff and it's cool! Such wide variety :).
Variety product type and style look nice than other app..
Good products, great prices, fast shipping. Would reccomend!.
The app is very productive but the delivery period is too long 90 days is damn too long. You can reduce it please..
A very good app, I really enjoy buying products using it.
I have not used this app in a while, there are a lot of nice things I would like to buy but I am sceptical because on 3 occasions I purchased items which was not delivered and I did not get a refund, there customer service or supports was difficult to contact..
great have no regrets. The items are as described .and the price is reasonable.The time of delivery is quick and even with the covid 19,the delivery is reasonable.time wise..
I've been using this app for a year and the app is worth working with, I'm advising those that are not using the app to try it even once they will surely meet their needs. The app is so good..
The app has some flaws with it like how we can not open dispute if we accidentally pressed order recieved or automatically closes the transaction even though on order tracking it did not show the item arrived to where. However, nice and honest sellers, most of them if not all..
Used one month. So far, so good. Update October 16 2020: app functions well. There are many fun games and contest to enter and searches are easy..
It's unfortunate that orders booked could not be easily changed. One has to cancel. The App developer seems less concerned about customer satisfaction and interaction. Rather more concerned about making a sale and marketing the products. I cancelled an order. Non has updated me on status of my refund or even cared to respond to even my emails.There are no customer service agents attending to customer for a realtime response to questions and their support page is still under maintenance..
This site has a large selection of whatever you may need. I especially like the camera search feature which allows you to locate an item quickly..
I want to be able to search for items based on a shorter shipping time for a reasonable price. 30-60 days to Europe is ridiculously long time. I do not want to see categories that i don't like. I'm a male, and I do not want a Silicone Bra!!! Plase respect my choices in the my interest-setings! Because I still see ads from categories I HATE, I drop the stars to One! I HATE coupons. I don't want to see popus about coupons!! Edit: shipping time to Finland with Ali standard shipping takes too long..
Nice app, love it and it's working swiftly..
App is great! I have ordered 4 things, all of them were in great condition. I recommend this app, also the prices are very good 😁.
A bit aggressive with the pop ups and email spam.
Amazing products at great prices and Ali keeps you updated with your order. Great app..
It's a great app. Lovely items at great price.
Please to add "PAY ON DELIVERY" option These option helps to lot of costumers.
Love the coins Ive been shopping on aliexpress for a while and, although some ways to get discounts are quite a scam (bait low prices? 0.89 cents of discount for over 89 euros purchases? Games in which it's almost impossible to win and take too much time and effort? Not for me), I like my experience so far. Make sure to check if the seller is trustworthy and value if its offer is the best. Personally I love the coin discounts, the only thing on Ali which is easy to get and proved to work 100%..
Received the items in cheap price and early from the mentioned delivery time. Superb App You can find all type products here 😉.
Everything absolutely fantastic usually comes really quickly all the items top quality jewellery comes with certificates well worth the money fantastic thank you.
love it, been using for years. Sometimes it takes a long time sure. More often than not, good products at great prices..
After your update the app does not work anymore on android 9. Uninstalled and reinstalled. Now it's working again..
Warning can get addictive seeking out a great number of deals especially on guitar pedals and parts, half the price of Amazon if you are prepared to wait, and wait for delivery.
I enjoy AliExpress and have found many items to be beyond my expectations. The range available is vastly more broad and provides more choice than what is available here in New Zealand. Although you have to be careful as you do with any e-commerce website I have found the AliExpress support customers very well. Shipping at times can take a while but if you are well organised then this doesn't represent a problem..
I use this app a lot. What I don't like is the many pages you have to go through to get to Contact the seller from you orders list. Not very user friendly..
Nice site, looks good with things I'm actually looking for, Only for, I Sent a number of important messages / Genuine queries.. And Still no reply after 1 week.. A little disappointing 👎.
Fast shipping , good quality, cheap clothes and shoes, cheap delivery fees. Very happy with this app. I bought sooo many things and im always been happy..
I keep on getting errors on my account. For example cod won't work even when I have the required items. And I can't use coupons for some reason.
The menus are a little hard to use. It's easy to get stuck in a sellers store and difficult to get back to the main page of Aliexpress. Other than that it's a good app..
It is very good, easy to manage and great to find lots of good quality articles.
I was very pleased .... But with the last update, no more coins, no more games ... Some days later, all work well !.
Great app. good security with purchase. runs pretty smooth and the little games for coins and coupons are amusing. would recommend using ali for shopping..
Ok,still haven't used it enough to give a proper review but so far so good.Only gripe is searches for an item seem to include items that dont have the search words in title.
Good app. Cheap prices... delivery is long as expected from China..
Very interactive and loaded with options..
Excellent deals and very helpful to follow up the orders.
Found items not available elsewhere. This is a dependable resource..
A sea of items! I wish they would combine shipping!!!! That could be the greatest hit for this app..
Very difficult/ Impossible to add payment account. No CoD. Unhelpful and rude agents. Going back to Lazada..
Great app, so much options to buy great products..
Delivery very very slow, tried ordered from another platform almost the same category items, other platform items long arrived. Items from AliExpress still in transit, the difference is by few weeks or even a month. Had tried atleast 8 items all very slow in delivery..
Very good to order from if you want low prices. Just do a little research on each shops rating/sales/customers reviews and you will be golden! Have a little patience with the shipping and try to keep in mind that it might take a couple weeks or 3 weeks to arrive but with the price you pay its worth it. It also is exciting when y I you forget what you ordered and then it arrives!.
יש בעיה בחיפוש הרבה פעמים הוא חוזר לדף הראשי סתם There is a problem with the search many times it just goes back to the main page.
It's a decent shopping experience spammed with advertisements and every now and then payment options just stop function (e.g. currently ideal is not working at all after weeks of it not working properly).
Good app with most of the required features. Yes. The free shipping makes shopping easier..
Very positive experiences bar 1 or 2 which were promptly resolved. Great for buying bits and pieces, genuinely surprised by the quality of some items for the price..
App is fine, easy to navigate. Only order once but it arrived within the time frame and was all as I ordered. Fine as long as you don't mind the wait for your items..
Great service. Best shopping site I've used so far.
Very handy app for keeping track of and up to date with my account and orders. It is easy to navigate and clearly laid out..
Love it, just takes a long time for things to arrive so if you want to get something you should probably order it 2 or 3 months ahead..
Very useful,hard to find things at very reasonable rate and cheaper shipping..
Love the products really enjoyed shopping on it the app the only problem I have is two have two phones due to work and I can't link the two account. Otherwise amazing****.
A very useful app, (personally) a great deal of help in getting art materials.
Easy to use, works with no problems. Ability to change search parameters is very nice..
Great app with thousands, if not millions of products at affordable rates..
So far everything i have ordered has came. This is a fantastic site for people like myself who love to keep busy but doing craft items or art work..
Love it, ive ordered a few items & I've received them all..
Aliexpress has great prices and great products. Keep in mind that a lot of these products come from Overseas so be patient but it's worth it!.
Cheap stuff sometimes good sometimes just the price you paying for!.
It works better than using other OS and very easy to use.thanks.
Fast shipping most of the sellers and good quality products!.
It's a good looking app but I like to share images to people who might be interested in products & the new app doesn't allow me to do that like the old app & affects Trade/Business development.
good app you can find everything and the prices are very good.
The ease in which to place an order is seamless. Shipment is as described in the description of item being purchased. I've no complaints thus far with the app..
Very responsive and promising. 4 stars coz there is more space to become more user friendly....
For new users it'll give you low prices for items but you actually can only purchase one of those items. One star because I purchased an item and then got my money refunded to me no email, no message, not given a reason why..
This app gets you hooked on spending hard earned money on unnecessary stuff. Still I love it and recommend it if you can afford it ;).
Everything takes awhile to arrive, some earlier than others but so far I've been happy with the products. Instead of everything coming in a big box I get a little parcel every so often in the mail. Never know what's going to arrive next. Thanks...
I like the app!! The prices are great and the things on there are quite fashionable as well!:).
I used to buy many things using this app cuz of the quality an very low prices but now with the covid19 all the products have to much shipping to pay for example i want to buy something that cost €5 and they want minimum 35 to 50 € for shipping so for me its not worth the time nor the money anymore im really sorry cz it used to be a great app.
Don't like the adverts that I can't skip past. I'm already on the app for things I want, stop pushing things I'm not interested in..
I like shopping on Ali express. Very easy prompt m accurate. Communication n tracking system is very good. I recommended this app to any friends. I will continue buying from Ali express. You make life very easy Thanks Sam Toronto Canada.
Good overall experience. Only had one issue and it was addressed and fixed right away.
App is side loaded on fire hd 8 and works fine. I would have given 5 but only works is portrait orientation and I prefer landscape..
The only thing I don't like this app is that they don't accept any of my credit cards and they want me to send them a copy of my driver lic. With the info I still can't use my cards and my cards are good..
Please knock it off with pop-up ads its an proffsional and annoying..
Good products but some products take too long to get.
Each time when took a step back, that closed the application...
All positive except I don't understand how to find out where parcels are when they have been ordered months ago.. you can only dispute when you say you have received it ... could be just me...mostly happy ..
Works perfectly fine. Safeand easy shopping..
Would be 5 stars if not constant lags. Otherwise handy shoping app..
Nice app, can easily get updates on your purchases. And makes communicating with the sellers quick and smooth..
Great and lots of things at a good price The best so far.
Very cool app. Only problem is shipping, but that's normal. I've ordered from them many times and have always gotten what I wanted..
Good app and very useful. But the problem is I can only select items. Pay Before delivery. Which is very poor for me..
Love the colored contacts,love the jewelry, clothes,toys...its all great.sometimes takes a bit longer but that's because of the pandemic..which is being way over blown!.
So goof with pricing and shipping are becoming faster and faster. Love it !!. Great for anime merch.
Good items, always return money if something is wrong, but too long time to wait - can be more than 3 months.
Makes shopping easier but sometimes gets frustrating when you can't track your goods and money gone..
This app automatically gives you all the discounts you can get automatically by pressing buy now. Love the extra discount on an already excellent price..
Tested and trusted, but the latest version lags and sucks. I regret updating to the latest version. The former version is swifter and better..
Excellent options. Very hard to connect or get refunds. Dispute system is clunky. Not an easy interface. Not intuitive.
Too many popups/adverts for promotions. Sick of having to close all the promotional popups just so i can go search for what i actually want..
The app is ok, just don't expect your items before three months, if at all. frustrating!.
Great choice for a wide range of products at very competitive pricing.
I think it's good but there are some problem such as i'm a army when i search BTS mearch it's showing everything eles than BTS mearch😂🤣🤣🤣🤣 plz fix that😊and can we plz have cash on delivery 😊.
Very good e-commerce market and friendly application.
One of the worse buying platforms.. as a buyer forget about your rights.. that if they even understand you.. where they come from they have no consumer rights. Seller has more leverage and can take you for a ride untill you gave up. Refunds lol , i don't know how they operate in Europe. The seller can advertise posting goods in 2 weeks but if he doesn't post it.. he can take you for a ride for 90 days.. and AliExpress will tell you to wait up to 90 days.. try not to buy from AliExpress..
I love using this app~ it has given me no issues so far and there are so many cute great quality things for way cheaper than a regular online store costs~.
Great app you get lots of discounts and items are really cheap I paid £3.67 for a 15 w wireless charger which came in two weeks and works flawlessly.
Great, super happy to have started using AliExpress. Will definitely be staying with this site. Great variety of products, excellent prices. Very easy to use site and lot's of handy information, the best I've used. AAA+++.
I just love this site. Im every day on it. There is no such thing , that you cant find on aliexpress. Just love it.
Started out fairly happy, not so much now. Have a missing order, unable to locate on a order history of some sort. They don't keep a record of your purchases. Now I need to locate my bank statement with proof of purchase. I think I'll just go back to eBay or Wish. I also don't understand why a shipment can be cancelled without being informed..
Fun app with tons of stuff. All comes from china though for the most part i believe some companies on here are better than others. Great site for diamond paintings though.
So far it's been extremely convenient. I just got the phone so I'm not used to doing this on a phone but it's working out very well so far..
App needs to respond very fast and also, the tracking info which drops down like an arrow is more convenient compared to the new design.
Very easy to use. Lots of items and different designs to choose from. My purchase arrived on time in good condition..
I was able to buy stuff before the update. Now whenever i try to buy i keep getting an error msg. Please fix this or add paypal checkout..
I am a regular on AliExpress. I shop from many different stores. I prefer to order directly from the source and save money. I am an avid Diamond Painter so they are my go to. The App is easy to use and never gives me any issues..
Perfect application. Got my items faster than when I was told it would arrive. Very satisfied!!!.
Obviously it takes a while for most items to arrive , longer than expected, but @ the price/availability .. can't complain.
I really like dis app it helps me to get a good product at a cheap rate,some part which not even in our country I get it from dis app. Tank u so much.
The app is a good online shopping app. You will surely see what you are looking for but " they have a lot of criminals they tag as sellers", they will collect your money but you won't see your orders nor your refund. Be careful when you shop. Always check for the customer's review..
Some time good. Sometime slow. Customer service option(screenshot attaches NOT WORKING) very bad.
This app is good to buy things from abroad. But shipping time is too long. It looks like you won't receive the goods but when you forget your order and it arrives surprisingly. 😊.
Totally great, always updated with your order. Updated regularly, THANKS Mark.
Ordered £50 Nike trainers. Never received the item. Tryed to contact AliExpress customer service, which is nearly impossible to do. When you do finally get through. They keep saying everything will be sorted, then it doesn't. I managed to £40 it was a struggle, whole process took 4 months, be very careful when buying high value goods from this Chinese company. As promised I will upgrade to a 2 star rating.
First time buyer and so far it's going great! I will update soon as I continue to use this APP! Thanks!.
One of the best apps out there everything ordered comes as described and much sooner than expected. Highly recommend AliExpress. The best online shopping..
This is a great app for certain things. Others not so much. Needs more safety guarantees like Amazon and it would be an unstoppable company..
Nice app. The goods take one month to arrive but if you can wait is OK. The prices are good and more affordable than other sites. Thanks AliExpress.
Great app, has all the same features as the website. Easy to use, just better to turn off the notifications because you get a lot of them!.
More beautiful than the picture 👍 Good communication from the seller I recommend.
I did first time, shopping from AliExpress, and some items were not upto mark but AliExpress helped co-operated before time, did full refund for the same. But overall ,the quality, design and variety available on AliExpress is best😍😍😍I love AliExpress , and recommend everyone to buy things from AliExpress due to their exceptional customer care services ❤️💎Thanku so much AliExpress for lovely experience..
Thank you for the variety of products. The app works great and delivery time is also reasonable. Only thing is cost of transfer, check before order your product..
I face a lot of issues e.g I unable to play coupon pals, the online help service unable to get a correspondent and images on the coins page are blurry of the items. Just don't understand why..
Excellent, User friendly one makes shopping enjoyable..
Used to buy cheap Chinese "goods" but lately sellers have been spamming and there's no way to block those messages. So either all spam or nothing at all.. I choose no spam and uninstall!.
Great app. Shipping time varies on items but no one else has these items..
Love this app... have shopped on it many times.. gr8 stuff gr8.... need ali express delivery on all products above $40.....
In new event bonus buddies, my bonus points are not increasing even though I attempted to login through a new account of my friend. Help please 😓😓.
It sucks because it only opens in portrait view and not landscape view.
Love it, Especially because it is very cheap and has almost everything you could ever want, I can never get enough.
Good prices and you know everything about your purchases all the time..
It's good, significantly less captchas and bugs like changing the language and currency out of nowhere with the mobile app..
I bought iptv but most of channel not working. I trying to get connected to seller but when I send message your app saying that sorry you don't have permission to send message? Can you please tell me why is saying like that . Also can you please help me with this matter ? Thank you.
Very difficult to contact customer service. Why don't you guys have email in case the chat doesn't work? I have no idea where to get assistant even if I messaged everywhere even on Facebook and Twitter account. You guys still don't respond to anything..
Nothing works. You tap on an item you're interested in buying and a blank screen. Rubbish. Uninstalled..
Loats of inaccurate descriptions but luckily I ve always spent plenty time before purchasing smt and so far have not got scammed. I don t get it why this app forces you when leaving feedback on an item to rate certain things that do not apply to certain purchases. I am referring to rate the communication with the seller when this never happened. User should be given options..
Very good collection of items on sale. However the periodic update should be optional instead of the update or exit.
Fast and efficient, orders make take about a month to be delivered but it will certainly be delivered intact..
Over all best prices but sometimes issues with sellers on there. Although I had all issues from past transaction cleared up, it sometimes takes time to fix..
I like many features but I also dislike many features. Including all the ads and pop ups..
Fast. Quality. Effective. Amount. Acceptable price. You can find everything you want at AliExpress. Thank you very much.👏❤.
The overall management is perfect from start but what i really like is that it has Great Support system. Keep up the good work.
Easy to use, however sometimes the finer points get lost in translation..
App is good but at times can be confusing. Overall, my experiences have been positive..
A good place to buy from in my experience, but remember to be patient with delivery, as they have a long way to travel & check reviews..
Advertised a part as apple product number in header and main picture. They send you a part I'm guessing they have a surplus of and make you go through a rediculous amount of hoops and side with the seller, despite the photos and videos I had to take. Was finally offered a return(minus shipping), which costs an arm and a leg to ship to china while it costs them nothing to send their junk here, knowing that the customer will take partial refund and they pocket the cash. Vendor is "Fita". Scammer.
Convenient, Cheap, Huge Variation of products.
It takes a little long to ship things but its a good app.
Some Catagories Need to improve Like Seller and Customer Communication..
Excellent app searching is very easy for the products just have to keep on checking for pending orders for despatch as all have different dates....
All the products I have bought from the app have been so perfect and the sellers communicate well. I love everything I have bought so far! Thanks Ali!.
Crashes most of the time now so cannot really use it!! Used to be really good? it often worked better than the web site ...
Love shopping at AliExpress, great prices & have plenty of items to choose from. I love the fact that they also have many items with free shipping. Thanks Aliexpress
It's been a year since I last used Zalora only to learn that it hasn't changed much. When will you guys put the feature for copying tracking numbers? If it's already been implemented then why can't I find and use it? The UI is seriously botched, not to mention the filter feature isn't working correctly. How this passed UAT and QA bothers me..
I used to love this app and bought a lot . Lately , Why is it everytime I update my Zalora, I always have a problem opening the Zalora app ? I get stuck in Zalora Logo loading and loading and list does not comes out. I cleared my cached and data. I also deleted the app ang reinstalled again. Same thing stuck again in zalora logo . It happened to me several times and it's annoying..
Same problem in other user and reviews stack at loading screen its been a couple of months to this problem are you planning to fix this app or not? Well.. I keep on re installing this last month then now (October) I tried to reinstall it again still doesn't change. I think your not planning to fix it cuz it been a month for this problem everyone is complaining and nothing change.
I love this app but lately, when i click the play button to view the outfit, the video did not launch..it shows a still picture instead. Why is this happening? Is there anything on my phone that i need to check? Coz it was ok previously..
I am currently having trouble with the app, it won't load properly. am always stuck at this black screen with just the logo. I have tried uninstalling and installing to no avail..
Edited my rating to 1 star becauae App not working when we use our pldt fiber wifi at home. But works ok when we are using smart broadband wifi device? Can you check this please. 11/03/20 Update - app does not load on a tablet. Works fine in an android phone but stuck on loading page when android tablet. Tried 2 tabs.
Love this app, so easy to shop. But starting last month, i keep getting stuck at loading. The app doesnt fully open. I have uninstalled, reinstalled multiple times to no avail. What happened?.
I have a problem opening zalora through shopback. It get stucked after so many attempt. I update, reinstall and still experiencing the same things. It's annoying that I can't use shopback for this apps since i shop a lot from zalora..
There's still a lot of bugs, like i can't choose which bank i would use on payment method because the bank logos are blank, also i often get stuck on "continue to checkout" page.
Rightfully i intended to buy 3 items.initially i was using Zaloha website. It doesnt lead me to TNG wallet payment.i exit the transaction thought to use this app to purchase. Realise it was in my cart however, status become "Payment Processing" and there is no tab for me to continue further. I retry the purchase, saw the first item i've selected. Thought to give it a try again, pmt went through but the $ not same as display& it debited my TNG!pls put the price tag on each item at payment page!.
The app does not load at all while on wifi but loads while on mobile data. Update 3/Nov Even after the update, the app still gets stuck on the logo page while on wifi. Poor experience..
Please improve the app in Android phones. Cannot go back to Payment Process page when you are accidentally went out of the page. All the vouchers used cannot take back.
There is no way for me to turn off just the marketing notifications. It gets irritating being spammed multiple times a day. I cant simply turn off all notifications as I still need notifications for delivery of goods I bought.
Improve your app. I'm using s20 ultra and the app load so slow. This app is not like this in my old phone. I can't even use this app for shopping coz it takes a lot of time to load the images.
Yes, I also have same problem suddenly with the app on my Android. With IOS its working fine. Tried several times to uninstall/install still same problem😩.
Just updated the app today and can't go in to view at all. It keeps prompting me whether I would like to change to Malaysia site!!!.
I used to love it. Not until i got problem with the return item/refund. Then i realized how bad the app is. Customer service is non reachable. It will take days for your return item/refund. No reviews/feedback for every product bought. People will take risk on buying an item they have no idea if people buy. Reviews are very important for buyers. Zalora don't have that section. Which is very bad. Overall not buying anymore in this shop. They lost a loyal customer..
The amount charged to the credit card was way more than what I was supposed to pay for. I have reached out to Zalora but so far not a word from them. It is a nightmare as getting refund to credit card can take weeks even months. I agree Zalora is too much hassle. One star is too generous in my opinion. Boo Zalora Indonesia !.
It takes to long too open the app. And takes too long to search the item..
I've been a loyal customer of Zalora for a long time. However, after the update, everytime I want to click the sale, it always request me to change my location to Malaysia and I am living in Brunei. This is not the problem before and its kinda annoying as some of the stuffs cant be deliver to Brunei.
Uses to love this. However, just recently, I'm having issues opening the app. It gets stuck in loading stage (Zalora logo). After many attempts of clearing cache and data, deleting app, reinstalling it, I finally got in, but now the listings won't load..
App won't load. I can't browse items even after trying to wait for a while..
Zalora, don't you think it's about time that you fix the slowness and being stuck in the zalora logo of your app?.
The photos of the items are so clear that you would imagine yourself wearing the outfit! Very nice app!.
App won't open on Android. I have 2 android phones now. A Huawei and a Samsung Note 10 plus. Both of them have the same issue with the app, it won't open at all. Been having this issue for weeks now. The app works smoothly on my iPad though..
List of products doesnt show. Its only a white blank page. No loading icon whatsoever.
Easy browsing. Great offers. The app makes the experience painless..
What's happening I can't use the application? It's not opening. What a waste of 11.11 promo. Plss address this. Thanks.
All item legit. In good picture really original. Always fast transaction. Love this app!.
Great app and customer service. Bought quite a lot that due to daily vouchers that otherwise i couldn't buy in malls. All Legit items. more power! Long live zalora, im happy with all that i hot here.
There's a lot of endless loading now. I've reinstalled it multiple times already..
Dear Zalora, your repetitive ads on YouTube doesn't make me want to buy your products. Instead, it gave me a reason to download your app, so I can write this review and give you 1 star. Sincerely, disappointed.
Fix your filters. It shows me men's clothing even when i specifically tried to filter it out.
cannot open the app after update,, i tried many times, it wont open,, please fix this problem (T_T)(ToT).
App not working keeps loading it takes forever items not showing fix your app i already troubleshoot everything always order to you guys now ill give you 1 star.
fast delivery,,and the products you serve is 100 percent authentic..love it!!.
The app is not loading anymore. This has been ongoing. Have you done anything to fix this?.
Overall, I have pleasant experience using Zalora. It would be perfect if you have Installment Payment option include within the app, please make that happen!.
It won't load at all on my Huawei after the latest update.
Wooww.. I have used this apps since many years ago. I highly appreciate for delivery time, it's so fast. I paid some shirt on Sunday, then Monday afternoon has arrived even though all of sizes are bigger than description.
What happen zalora.... Every time i entered the TAC number its keep pop up invalid TAC number.. Waited for TAC number also same untill its logout so many time.. Its totally not maybank issue since i use maybank earlier make transfer it was ok... Huhhhh... So dissapointed with ur apps service....
Costumer service was very responsive they replied in less than 10 mins and because of that the problem was resolved in kess than 30 mins. My shopping experience has never been this easy over all it is a great app keep it up.
There is a problem of asking to change location whenever I go in to brand section which annoys me slightly..
tha hell is going on you app? it takes time to load to enter when you are at the app it take time again and again juat to look at the product the hell.
What happen to zalora?, its been few month i waited the app to be fixed. Untill now everytime i want to open, i need to re-install the app in order to use it. If nit the app just keep loading. How can we shop when the app keep not in a good function?.
What happen to the app recently? The app was very slow yesterday, and today, It can't even load and I can't track my orders now. Can you please fix the issues? It's really frustrating!.
The app always close suddenly when i am browsing... Frustrating. Using android.
Great app, it have a lot of options and the delivery is fast. The quality of the product is also superb! Two thumbs up!.
Face issue of not able to click the return. I been buying a lot from Zalora but it come to disappointment when you try to exchange your goods, the system show me Request Not Complete while the items already delivery to me while the system also flag it as Delivered but what is the non complete item? Really feel annoying and fustration since i received a defect items while cannot return it back to Zalora for exchange..
new updated apps giving me unpleasant experience, the bottom bar menu so easy to touch by finger when we scroll down the item and detach the filter that we choose before. I miss sidebar menu.
Good items for sale. However, after the additional features were removed from the filter, it was harder to shop.
Whenever I click my zalora notification from bar it keeps loading and never entered. I cant even use zalora from shop**** app. I have to close the app and click it from the icon itself to open zalora. So annoying...
It was a good app but that was before. Deliveries are handled by entrego, very poor delivery experience. And customer service doesn't have clear communication with the courier. App doesnt update any information for redelivery. I was expecting it will be effortless customer service but its totally far from that..
The Zalora App is surely on a different league. The items I ordered are great and the delivery was even more better..
Super love doing online shop on this app, however I am stuck at the loading and cannot open the app. Sad..
I have used this apps several times, I really like the brands or the quality of the items offered, just as a consideration for customers who have made payments, please process the items immediately and if possible, the delivery is expedited by displaying the status of the shipper every day. Thanks.
It takes forever to open the app. For the 1st time in forever..
I already tried installing and uninstalling several times but it won't open at all. This was never an issue until a month ago..
Easy to use app. All items are authentic and their delivery service is also very superb! I really enjoy shopping using this app. 👌🏻.
The apps is loading super slow. I cannot search product & i cant trace my purchase. This happen since early october until now no improvement..
Good products ... but not good at services... so many regulations and problem during online chat with CS, must be patient until 1-3 hours for get a reply from CS. Also email not get response! I think if you seriously, must upgrade on CS system.
I love this app. All authentic. The only problem is your delivery partner company. If they did not find your address, they automatically cancel your order, and for me , it's not okay. Please see that this issue will be address. Thank you..
The app needs some serious upgrade. I scrolled down my wishlist only to be brought back up again after a few times..
Easy to use. The only downside is that it crashes whenever I tried to open it through the app notifications..
Just want to suggest adding a review section so customers can write their review with product. And it will also help other users who often look for good reviews before purchasing a product.
Same the app isnt even opening for me...love the platform otherwise..
It takes to much time to open.. fix your site guys.
The delivery is faster than expected! The transaction is user friendly! Please include Coach brand in your items :-).
Great app! Solid discounts & styles are updated.
App doesnt open. I get stuck in the logo screen.
Good ui and design, with little pricey product.
good user experiences.. but cant find a way to chat with seller, or did i just miss something?.
It's taking time to load the app and when i open it the pictures won't load..
Fast action with my feedback. Not having problem with the app anymore..
What's wrong with your app? I downloaded it twice already but it jist wont open. I am about to buy Christmas gifts pa naman with your app..
Fast delivery! All items are authentic! Many discount!😊.
Zalora apps getting worse!!!!! Please fix it ASAP, everytime i try to use the apps it keeps loading and show nothing!.
Since i update it, i can't open it!!!! Zalora what happened to you? So many 1 star reviews. Fixed it!!!!.
Not working. Uninstall, install repeat so many times. Not working pa din. Disappointed.😪😓.
Wanted to give minus star. Poor quality product in the cover of glittering image. Be careful..
I tried checking out twice in the past 7days. Both days, there were errors. My payment could not go through but then why do you'll still hold my order (esp if there is no option to pay once the order is 'placed')? Terrible. Extremely disappointed. The first time round i had to wait for a few days and when a code finally came in, my item went out of stock. Will boycott zalora if I dont get a proper solution this time.
Very poor quality of service and the app hasn't been updated. Make the app faster please!!!!.
Fast delivery. COD option always available. They hire good courier. Always gives discount. Products are all authentic. After several purchases using the app there has been 0 problem..
Find good deals whil scrolling on the app smoothly!.
The app is working fine now. Thanks for fixing it.
All the items here in zalora app 👌...the best shopping app online. 😘 What you see is what you get... 😊😉 Thank you zalora!.
What has happened to Zalora? The app keeps on loading makes me giving up to shop!.
Fast and easy shopping.
App is ok but Zalora has the worst handling process for missing items..
All items are original. My 3rd time only but so far satisfied..
The app is great, the goods is great..
You cannot click on the product from My Orders just incase you want to view the product again and potentially reorder. There is a bug that a chosen size will be different upon checkout (noticed it in shoes when you choose US size it will be a size smaller and converted to UK size) and you cannot even cancel your order in the app..
App not loading even after the recent update.
The app stuck at welcome screen..
Visited the app, products were good. Would be great if More Countries could be added. Like India. At current phase best market to look upon, as many chinese app got bannned..
What you see is what you get. They are very generous interms of discount vouchers and free shipping. Most legit online shopping app. Edit: I hope they put an option for reviews on their items :'((.
Super fast delivery to Pampanga! Nice products and authentic brands..
Poor apps always crashing always a logo of zalora need to uninstall, the item is legit but the apps is Garbage.
Wow delivery is so fast ,earlier that the expected date.😍😍😍.
very easy to use and you can get your money back if you dont like the goods.
Convenient and love the refund seemless experience and please give more discount.
App not responding and always crashing.
Authentic Item, Good discount, Fast delivery, Only Issue: Box was torn apart, not sure if this is with the courier or supplier..
Price not stable. Tomorrow a bag rm802, next day rm502, check again lagi rm802 then again rm502😐😐🙄🙄 blur blur.
Thank you Zalora,i like it ! your item is super affordable b'cos of that i give you 5 star.
Please bring back the filter by size! It doesn't makes sense for me to view items that do not have my sizes. Before the update, I was able to filter by size and it really makes my shopping experience with Zalora a breeze! But now, I find it is so difficult just to view items available for my size. I will give rate the app with 5 stars if you bring the filter for size back!.
Items arrive faster than expected....
User-friendly app., very convenient to use.
Honestly, Zalora is a godsent. It's super super easy to navigate the app, no lag whatsoever. As always with online shopping apps, it guarantees a hassle-free shopping experience where you can just lay in bed while browsing for your future clothings. What I like the most about Zalora is how many choices you have for every category at every price range. They offer the most premium brands to the most bang for your buck ones..
The app for Singapore keeps showing delivery fees even when my cart has more than $50 items sold by Zalora. Talked to customer service and they said use the desktop version. Pls solve your delivery fees issue on app..
Thank you for the improvement i guess i didn't get to report any bad feedback because everything went smooth. I already purchased things from you and i couldn't be more happier because the app didn't glitch anymore. For the time being i supposed. Keep up the good work. Because this is where i will turn to whenever i needed a new outfits without going out to the mall..
Very disappointed with this app, a lot of glitch, registered new account using web, redirected to the app but I couldn't sign in, it says that my email and/or password are wrong. Went to register the email again, it says email has been registered. Went to click reset password but nothing happened. Spent more than an hour just going back and forth trying to figure it out, then I gave up. Also, all the promocode advertised on the web or app didn't work for me. Overall just very very disappointing.
It's really hard to get a hold of a customer service rep. Chat support crashes everytime in the middle of a transaction. Come to think of it, the wait time to speak to a rep always takes more than 20mins. Once it crashes, you need to start an entirely new interaction. The customer service agents are nice but Zalora is exhausting their employees at the expense of customers getting p*****d off with the chat support interface. Needs improvement..
It impossible to fined a English version in Indonesia.
The app can guarantee you 100% original product, but it is a very complicated app to use. Like every time I want to click on a discount promotion ad it always send me to the zalora web version which I found unnecessary because I already have the app, but still sends me to the basic old website. Also when i try to fill in the form for the help service it is very frustrating because every time I fill one of the blank columns it's always refresh by itself somehow..
Tracking is very cumbersome when you can't straight away see the shipment status when you click on the tracking link but rather have to manually key in the long tracking number because you can't simply copy the number. Most people cannot remember such long number to key into the 3rd party tracking system manually therefore we have to switch back and forth between the 3rd party page and Zalora page to refer to that number and key it into the search field. Please make the UI more user friendly..
Suggestion, can u make removing items in wishlist a lot easier, i mean the "x" is too so small that everytime i remove an item on my wishlist i accidentally tap on the item instead, everytime. Really having hard time removing items on my wishlist. Pls fix this. I suggest you allow us to multiselect item in the wishlist section so we can remove multiple items at one time..
Zalora Team! FIX YOUR APP cos IT'S BAD ! *NEW UPDATE= 0 = NOT GOOD Prior to today, i haven't updated the app and it was working well. My wishlist and cart were functional and i could easily move items from wishlist to cart and place my order/s. AS I WRITE THIS REVIEW AFTER UPDATING, the wishlist is NOT opening and all it shows me is "error..cannot connect to server". All the items i spent my time sorting are all wiped off as the icon shows it as empty while mysteriously, the cart opens..
Their app is not working. Their delivery partner is the worst courier😡always sending message they attempted to deliver but til now i haven't receive anything. Uninstall this app..
Seems like a legit app that sells authentic stuffs. But I'm pretty surprised by the pricing range which I feel like is over prized. A simple White button up shirt which you would normally think wouldn't cost you that much can actually cost you about 158USD in the app lol. If you're just an avg highschool student like me, this app might not be for you. 🤷‍♀️.
Really disappointed! I update my number but still send OTP to my old number for several orders already. Even emailed them twice and they noted. Same goes to address. Updated my address in zalora app. And they sent my items to my OLD address.. whats wrong with the system. Now its troublesome to get the item from my old address and im freaking fed up emailing them to update and update again..
I cant open my app since morning ..it said to check internet connection but my internet is working fine. Should I uninstall and re install ? I need to trace my order.
I spent an hour+ liking the clothes that I am interested in purchasing but the app suddenly refreshed on its own and all the items that I liked suddenly disappeared? Very disappointing, now I have to seive through the items again which is very tedious considering how many clothes there are on the app )-:.
I don't know what is wrong with this apps after i downloading it again. It takes ages to load and after that there is this message saying no internet connection despite my internet line is there (both wifi n mobile data). I uninstalled and reinstalled, still the same problem...it is sooo frustrating...
App has some issues with the address input, when you are about to click the State/Province the options are not coming out. A bit buggy. The item that i want to order is out of stock now because of this bugs and issues. Please fix. Thank you!.
It's easy to use, the only problem is with the customer service. I received the package but one of the item was missing so I messaged the CS. At first their response were fast and ok, but even after 2weeks they didn't update me about the item that was missing. It's taking too much time. They said it will take 2days for the feedback. And I'm still waiting. Not good..
Can't open the app after the latest update.
I love this App!! 😊 All items are original and they always have discounts! I just hope they will have free shipping voucher in the future and cut the the minimum price or even just reduce the minimum price to avail the discount..
Hi Zalora, you may want to improve your filtering function. It doesn't work really well as options provided. I know that your items are a lot. But I appreciate if you update it, maybe starting from the entry info? Thanks.
I realy love ZALORA App, swear. But sometimes, the app auto crushes especially when its SALE and I'm kinda running out of time, like OMG asdgdjdkfldbcldksl and the other items are looks like "old stocks" sorry but I know you can fix it! 😉 Overall, this App is good. ⭐⭐⭐.
'twas a good app for shopping branded items..
This is one of my favorite apps for shopping. However with recent updates the Recently viewed and move to cart functionality is not working any more. Please look into it, its very useful..
Love it coz everything is authentic!.
The app is good for shopping but on the downside if you have any issue with your purchase or delivery, there's no point of contact to ask for help. On app stated clearly for help desk via Instagram, email and app chat but none of the above mentioned is working. Clearly a lack of understanding with the word Customer support..
Good application for fashion shopping, despite the slow delivery. But it's oke. You must try to download this app and you must try to shopping for something. The quality of fashion is very good. This is honest review from me.
after updating, app keeps loading.
Amazing app. However when I click on a push notification the app doesn't open and just gets stuck on the loading page. Hence I have to keep searching for offers instead of navigating directly from the push notification to the offer..
Zalora app just stopped 3 days ago. It says no internet connection but I am certain that I have. I uninstalled it and downloaded the app again but it says no internet connection. What's happening?.
useful and helpful in online shopping.
Returning of items is glitchy and not possible during this time on the app. I have uninstalled and installed twice. Still awaiting response from customer service after a couple of days..
The app is ok and so are the products that they sell, but the shipping fee of 200 php is very expensive. 10x more expensive than others. I don't think the shipping fee is reasonable at all. It's good to shop here if you have to buy more than 2 items in 1 store but if you're buying just 1 item, it's not worth the 200 php shipping fee..
I love shopping in your app. It updates me on different brand deals. One thing I'd like you to add is review section for each product..
I can no longer use the app after the update. There's always an error "No internet connection" even though I have a strong internet..
When the app was updated it always says "No internet Connection, Retry Again" and checked my Connection its strong but still says the same. Can you please fix the app. Its annoying. Cant shop..
Hasn't been able to launch the app for a good few days. This is pretty disappointing and I'm told to update my app. I did uninstall and install again but ain't happening ...
seriously. Stop with these cashbacks promos. We want the real discounts. please!.
What is wrong with the app. Prices not showing, photos not available. Used to be super fast n reliable. I reinstalled twice, same issue!.
The quality of the products is 100% original and shipping is fast, but the quality of the box from the packaging is damage after shipping. But overall good job.
Bad update. I religiously check my zalora app for daily or hourly promo. After I had it updated, it was taking a long time to load like it has a bug or something..
It usually works well. However, sometimes the filter option doesn't seem to be working at all. Appreciate if you could have it fixed. Thanks..
Hi. Why i can open the app after i uninstalled it several times due to bugs. It hangs/error hence the uninstall, doing so will have a refresh app, but can go through....
I dont know why i cant open this app. Before i cant use filter, also cant open so i uninstall then install again. But now cant open. Keep on saying that no internet connection. If i dont have internet connection then how can i install this app thru playstore? Pls fix it.
I tried to uninstall and re-install the app but it is still not working. Getting error message that there has been a problem with the internet connection..
Nice and easy shopping.
the 'reason for returning' icon isn't working so basically i can't return an item because the icon isn't working. please do something about this zalora. i need to return an item before the 30 days finish..
The Zalora App is amazing! Super easy to use. No latency. Keep it up! Love the sale, discounts and voucher codes!.
I dont know if my new phone cause this problem. I cant share the product link through whatsapp. Whatsapp logo doesnt appear. My old phone got it. Since I'm using the same brand of phone. Please help me fix this..
Hi, your return reason drop down button doesn't seem to work. Please fix the bug. Thank you..
I'm unable to click the "Return item(s)" button. Hope this bug can be fixed asap! Thanks.
The auto discount function is wonderful, I used to be desktop user which no way to tell individual discount rate but the apps tell n apply automatically. Cool..
My app suddenly could not load any picture. How to fix this? I have already uninstall and download again but it still have the same problem..
Good quality affordable price got discounts offered.
Apps works well (would give 5 stars) but customer service is just terrible. Shipper had the wrong item delivered and no customer rep is replying via fb and email. Telephone number is also not working. Cant say bad service when there is no customer service at all. It ruins the entire experience..
Always good purchasing.
My app wont open since last week and I saw the reviews in here that some people are currently experiencing the same problem as me. Pls fix it asap..
Lots of discount and original.
It takes years to load the images.
Zalora shopping is a delightful experience. They've got every stylish piece of clothing ( which is what I mostly shop). The exchange and return is so easy, I started using the Grab express ninja for my exchange and the process is smooth. I love the consistent performance and brilliant work by the customer support guys. Kudos Zalora Twam ! U guys did great even during these Lockdown days (when I shopped for my Birthday)... awesome work u guys!!♡ you Zalora.
There was an issue with the app. I cant see my wishlist. Kept showing error. Bfore it was ok. After the new update i cant see it all.
Unable to launch app😢.
Legit and branded items. More sales and promos love using it. Godbless Zalora..
Items are not original. Class A imitation. Very hard to check product if its original or not because there's no reviews/ratings for every specific items..
I've been using zalora for years and love it 💖💖💖.
Hi, User from SG. Whats happening. Why is the page hard to load and it turns blank on sizes and cant add into the cart? Help help. I purchase quite alot tho. Your assistance is appreciated. Regards.
Its so bad. Can't load the app from android phone.
The application takes too long to load up 😭.
Can't open the app... It's written no internet connection... But for others app, all normal.. Only for Zalora.
Package tracking needs improvement. Memory management also needs some improvement..
Filter Bug Lately yr app having filter bugs. You try just to key in the max prize without min amount n you wil see the error..
Please fix the error, it says that i have no internet connection even it has, please fix this ASAP.
I cannot open the app anymore. I uninstalled and installed it to hopefully fix what's wrong. I currently still cannot use it.
Reliable, authentic items and staff are very efficient if a costumer needs assistance(as to my personal experience).
Easy browsing and good fashion selections. Can improve assortment for fashionnitems though..
Love how they described all the information about the product and we just choose n buy, done!.
Good stuff, easy to process and pay, good price, fast delivery 👍.
Need the real discount back team..
Solved. Now the shipping time is so much better and refund/exchange process is very efficient and quick. Thanks Zalora. 👍.
Good application for shopping.
its not working its stay in zalora logo..
Easy to sort orders....
Very informative to their customers..
I love shopping at Zalora but the app is very annoying. I get way too many notifications and can't find any settings to disable them..
Since the last update, app is buggy. Doesn't open. And the Kids section has been removed..
Easy to get something original & many brands.
EASY TO USE! LOVE IT, easy for purchasing and apply the code. easy to do the return and exchange, everything with you guys is easy and very user friendly! keep it up Zalora Team!.
This apps does not have chatting session with sellers. I think its important thing before & after purchased any product.
Zalora's app is down since yesterday.
Worst app ever. Can't even view the item..
Original items with competitive prices and fast delivery!.
Everything expensive compared to all online shopping media. No voucher facilties and poor previlage to customer. Would not recommend to shop here at Zalora!!!.
Limited items but far better in terms of quality and delivery..
Convinience and very affordable...😍 but i am a bit dissapoonted because i cannot view the Kids section which is i buy clothes my kids there now i cannot see.😕.
Fast processing,legit item and most of all cod unlike the other online seller credit card trans only they want fast payment but slow processing of your orders.
keep asking me to change locatiob store to Malaysia everytime I press the banners..
Your app is super slooowwwwwwwww in the last couple of months, whyyyyyy?.
The latest version doesnt load at all. Please fix it!.
Can't open app, having error msg saying no internet connection eventhough i'm connected to wifi.
Useless customer service. Need to use browser instead for the other functions. *sigh*.
Lot of push notifications.
Alway says no internet connection even if I reinstalling so many times and fresh installed..
Amazing. Fast and all are original. Not fake.
The app is crashing, i cant use it at all. Too bad i want to order, i bet i'll better go to the physical store.
Cant check the wishlist after the latest update , my wishlist item went missing as well..
admin service is good, cooperatif, original product..so far everything is good.
Cashback rewards are non refundable.
Easy to shop, all products are authentic and their delivery is very fast..😍😍.
I can't log into my account via Facebook. And app glitch..
Error open menu "brand a to z" Cannot open menu "brand a to z", always error. Please fix it.
Why I cant place the order? When I proceed to check out it says It stopped working???!.
But it will be more useful if the tracking number can be copy paste directly straight to ninjavan.
Hi zalora! Why is my address now unavailable for delivery everytime I proceeded for payment mode? Where in fact, I just received my previous ordered items with the same address indicated. Please help.
Everything's fine until I went to delivery adress for the checkout, I can't type in my state/region ffs..
Very fast and convenient ♥️.
Easy browsing , no ads , easy checkouts!.
Shopping is everything in my life ... Love this app so much 💖.
Nice ol shop, genuine products and some of those are discounted that you can avail with additional discount using promo codes..
Love it. Easy for me to purchase and everytime i want to shopping I'll straight away go to zalora.
The app is very convinient and fast delivery..
All items are authentic..Customer Service are very accomodating..
Something wrong with this app i cannot't add my region , please renovated, first time i use this app hmmmm.
Very fast, good premium quality. Original.
Some shoe boxes are damaged tho. 😔 Order tracking is great as well as chat support. Very accomodating..
I like this app because it has fast delivery and a good price.
I love shopping with Zalora. The sizes are accurate and product are of good quality..
Lucky treats trap, refund only in voucher. Annoying notifications..
Easy to order and fast delivery thank you..
Cant seems to load d reasons for exchange or return!!.
The minimun amount of your vouchers is so high. Unlike before you can buy items with just the minimum spend of 2000 sitewide..
Love this shopping app..Zalora.
Great deals always.
Clothes are definitely nice and in good condition Fast delivery as well.
Still missing a lot of fashion necessities..
Super long shipping and delivery wait time and the tracker is terrible. Lacks basic functionalities that trackers from shoppee and lazada have.
It's giving me a lot of fashion ideas to wear. I love it so much..
The app wont let me check out it keeps on going back to chevk out. I cant buy anything it sucks so bad.
When I click on the app, the Zalora logo pops up and then it loads... And loads... And loads. And nothing happens. I've cleared my cache but no dice. I've reinstalled the app. Doesn't help. I used to be able to access it without issue so idk what to do now. Maybe I'll actually save my money instead of spending it all willy nilly. Maybe. Lol..
I have great experience from this app. All the products are good quality.
So sad you only can view summary in "my order" section. You cant view 360⁰ the item anymore after purchase...
Disable sales processors ability to tamper request for return/exchange. I bought A,B,C,D and requested for the exchange of B and D but upon update of receipt by zalora of returned item, they accordingly received item B & A instead of B & D. Logically updating A as returned should be invalid bec. I did not request for its return. The warehouse mistakenly took item A as D. Might as well fix CSR personnel, help chat is working but CSRs are helpless & slow witted, needs training & competent mgmt..
Delay of delivery.. And not delivered at all.
I have a good experience in purchasing at Zalora. I bought many items because of a big discounts.
Very good service! Quick response! Nice Customer Service! Love it.
Openning is slow..
Its not opening at all. I tried uninstalling and reinstalling not working still.
Reasonable price and shipping is fast..
Used to love using this app, but now can't trust it. At checkout, app showed discount code 45% applied and amount to be paid after discount. But when payment made saw my credit card was charged the full price!! Customer service NOT helpful if you don't have screenshots, but app doesn't allow screenshots at checkout! U hv to take screenshots at the My Bag page BEFORE CHECKOUT as proof in case this happens to you. It lures you with sales, but app doesn't honor the discount. Pls fix this Zalora!.
It's a good application before, but after the new updates the bug seems to be here and there. Start from showing a notification that tell me "cache miss: key xxxxxxx not found" everytime I open a product, and then after the navigator move to the bottom, i can't open my own profile. It said error of collecting data. I think before you decided to upgrade the application, its better to make sure every basic thing is met. I like the old application better after finding this issues..
Why is it so hard to open your apps now, evertime i open then click its just keeps on loading, unlike before when im browsing it never gives me a hard time i can easily connected , what i do is to uninstall then reinstall it again, but nothings changed its just keeps on loading and loading ....is there by any chance u can fix it? Thank u.
great app, would be better if we can put review on items we bought.
I would love to give it a five but the app doesnt load anymore. I uninstalled, reinstalled but it still isnt working. It is a major turn off for consumers. I wanted to buy stuff for christmas but I needed to wait for eternity for the app to load. I love Zalora but I hate the app. Please fix this..
I like the mix n match, the styling of clothes.. I think it's a great help in visualizing how the apparel or accessories will look like when they are worn. And tastely done by a fashion stylists. I hope there is also a part where consumers can give reviews of the items purchased where they can include images as well..
After many years using the app, such disappointment for recent update, where's bank account number again, why only virtual account? I used to pay with T-Cash/LinkAja (under bank transfer with manual confirmation) which need bank account to transfer and pretty easy transaction back in time tho, or maybe you should add that for new method now? Also, what's wrong with high prices nowadays? Usually in fair price in here tho, just saying 🤷🏻‍♂️.
unable to browse. app is lagging.
It should add an chat option to contact sellers for inquiries.
so simple for get clothes what u can.
the best shopping apps ever.original item and nice..
A very frustrating and disappointed experience as Zalora promised 25% discount downloading the app for first time user. Discount was initially applied, but because transaction failed due to some connection issues, I am unable to apply the voucher code at a later attempt. As today is a Saturday and there is no chat line opened, I will taking this up further with customer service in the next business day. Will not let this matter rest until I get a fair go, and for inconvenience caused. Thanks..
Great shopping. . Fast delivery service!.
Fast delivery. I never expected that the parcel will arrive within a week after I purchased it..
Always appear message No internet connection.
god the customer service sucks so much, dulu lumayan sekarang malah semakin menurun, tidak responsive dan sangat lambat. the app is good but the customer services are meh..
Nice.. lot of discount with original products!.
this app is amazing and it fits my kind of fashion, this is the perfect fashion online store and i would recommend this to a lot of people. it comes with a really good packaging and the clothings are original, not all can afford it but it's worth it at all. Keep up the good work zalora 1000000/10.
The filter usually has problems products start are displayed on repeat for some reason, they changed their return shipping policy so watch out for shipping fees that may have initially been waivered. Basically recommended for bags and anything that you don't need to try on to know you'll like..
This app just keeps going from bad to worse. It crashes whenever opened from notifications, and the packages sent cannot be tracked from the app. Also after the recent update it keeps showing an error message when I want to load my user account, so now I can't even check the status of my orders..
I love zaloras clothes and the quality. But the app is really unreliable you cant keep track of your package..
I am facing issues with incorrect fees breakdown and unable to apply relevant promo codes. Contact centre has advice that system glitches does happen. Gave up my purchases for a few times and issue not solved..
even its so much expensive to but an item.. but i very satisfied. the product. thank u zalora.
The best online shopping in the Philippines. =😍😍😍😍 Great deals and love they're service Keep it up.
thank you so much for adding the search by material function! however, sometimes it still includes things made of different material (for example, i searched for brand: mango; material: linen and it included a polyester top). i hope that in the future, all clothes will have measurements and fabric percentages listed too. other than those points, i enjoy browsing the app and buy way too much on it haha..
Easy to Navigate and Search.
Huge selections at great prices..
So convenient and awesome customer service!.
I like this app a lot, i use it to shop for new pieces to update my wardrobe, but for the past few days, i can't even use it, it won't load and it's stuck on the loading page saying I have no internet connection, is there an issue with the app? I hope its fixed because this had been literally my go-to e-mall 😔.
Lots of cool stuffs to purchase and no worries having legit products on the stores.....kudos zalora.
Like it so much and they sell the good stuff. And we can return if something happen, this one make it special.
☑️Fast + Free Delivery (3days within MM) ☑️User friendly app ☑️Lots of discount code Recommendations: 1. Should have chat support 2. For tracking, there should be a link that will direct us to its courier page and tracking number must be easy to copy 3. Include phone number of rider on the sms notification so we can guide them whenever they're about to deliver the items..
good app. I just hope when we go to My Orders tab, when we click on details, we can click the item and view it.. Whenever I review my orders, for me to see the details of the item again, I need to search it or go to my wishlist tab...
I'm very satisfied all the items that I ordered,and it's fast delivery..
Poor costumer service, super delayed packages..
Been my fav shopping platform before until my recent order which took 1 month to arrived. Your delivering using gdex before is much more better..
I downloaded the app and installed it. But it won't open and a pop up keep telling "No Internet Connection". My connection is perfectly fine, how I was able to download the app if I don't. This the 2nd time I downloaded the app. Same result. What seems to be the problem?.
Shipment using POPBOX cannot be tracked.
Love this site! 😊.
I used to buy very frequently in Zalora, however last June until now, the app won't even open. It's just frozen. Hence, I jumped to using Lazada and Shoppee more. Hoping to have them fix this since this is a Fil brand and I really want to support Fil apps..
Very convenient and functional.
State/region cant open when want to order. Dissapointed. Uninstalled just now.
I love all of my shopping experience, great deals, great return and deliveries, great faq and customer service, this site is not comparable to others. Hooohaa!.
Months ago, app took forever to load. I thought that was bad already. But recently, it would hardly work. Most of the time, it would say that there's no internet connection though there is. I hardly shop at zalora now because of this. Updated: App doesn't work at all now..
Hi, the app not loading at all after many times of uninstall & updating it. Please get it fix as soon as possible..
App is slow.
I love ZALORA. the only marketplace that has SO MANY promotions, discounts and 30day free returns! However the applications recently started having errors. After my last update yesterday (17/08/20), some brands just refuse to show altogether. I can't see anything from that brand using the filter even tho I can see them on my wishlist! Please fix it soon thanks!.
Overall experience is okay, but I had problems regarding cancellations of orders. You have to switch to desktop mode first before you could ask for a cancellation request. You can't do it while using the mobile app. Tracking orders is not as detailed as I expect it to be too. Nevertheless, it's a good app for shopping authentic goods..
As I open the app, I have to wait for 5 to 10 mins to get in to the home page. Too slow! I tried to clean the data and caches but nothing happened. Please try to fix it. It's so frustrating..
It doesnt even open! I tried to update it for 11.11 and it didnt open. I uninstall and downloaded it and same thing happened. USELESS AND SO DISAPPOINTED!!!!!!!.
There seems to be a problem with the filter button. After I typed in my search for e.g. shoes, and I clicked on the filter button to filter choices like colours or price and clicked view button, the page just jumps to the main page of irrelevant items that I'm not looking for. The previous page of shoes that were listed under my search will disappear. I don't know how to search and purchase with the filter button not working properly. I cannot be scrolling through over 20k items to search..
World Wide selection of design and Authentic. Variety of option you can order localy or world wide. So you can select a design even it is not available localy in your country. Very Genuine Products that you can fully trust Zalora App..
I used to love the app but now I couldnt even open it. Doesnt even load. Tried uninstalling and reinstalling to no avail. So frustrating..
Wasted 2 business days waiting for you to pick up my return. You texted me twice that it will be picked up within the day but did not happen. You are only good at getting money. Been a loyal customer to you when I could have bought somewhere else. Will be making the public aware of your terrible after sales service..
Always quick and efficient.
The app has a problem after update it say "u dont have connection" even though u are connected to your wifi. I hope they fix it soon. Its really annoying! I hope all my whilst aren't gone, Its really hard to find it again. So 1 star for now..
Customer friendly! Easier refund!!.
Zalora has been my long time favorite online shop.😍😍😍.
Very good in Service ❤❤❤.
I used to order here until shipping to our province became unavailable.
love your website and your products.
Your app is so slow. It wasn't used to be like this. Now it takes me 5mins just to open and another for every button I press. Please update the app..
Too many problems. Contact customer care button doesn't work. Return/ Exchange button doesn't work on my orders. Links bring you to wrong brand. Search results are terrible and don't show all items. I tried to search Nike Shorts. Results showed 2 items. Yet when I checked all Nike results many more were available. Can't search for items with same sale code. App crashes for no reason or doesn't open. App would be great if all these issue were fixed..
Items we're definitely legit and original , but the App doesn't load anymore after the update. Can someone help me how to fix this issue?.
Fast delivery and good return/exchange policy. I just don't like the app layout and the search function, it is not user-friendly. No product ratings & reviews. Size charts are sometimes wrong..
Very smooth and good user experience, love shopping through the app. Can conveniently find and browse through items. Did a full refund for my items recently and everything was processed very smoothly within 1-2 weeks..
Good products. Great promo. Fast shipment.
The app is too slow! It takes about a minute to enter the app. Better use other online shopping apps than waste time waiting for this to load..
I'm satisfied with the items here in this App (ZALORA) LOVE IT 😍😍😍❤❤❤.
You can't change the notification settings. The app bombards me with promotional notifications that I just had to uninstall. From convenient shopping to pest real quick..
Easy to navigate!!!.
Still Upset because there is no 0% installment on credit card usage.
Zalora cancelled my COD order recently without even informing and confirming beforehand! It seems that my past orders that were not successfully delivered were tagged as rejected or cancelled by me/buyer. When in fact, one of their couriers, for a time, insisted that these orders be picked up in an area 1hr away from my delivery address. Only because they dont want to get a travel clearance as what the other couriers are doing to successfully deliver..
I love it...easy to browse, check out, exchange & return items. Refund easily transferred to ewallet. For year 2019 i think i purchased 30+ dresses including return & exchange. Now i have more than 20 dresses from 2019 alone plus i've got to encouraged my friend too. Thanks Zalora i've got the style i want..
I thought this application can give you bonus and kinda give you a small price so you can enjoyed it, sure the clothing will took like ₱₱₱ because of the designer and fabric of it's different but a price for shipping it and not securing it. That should go and be deleted and not use it again, I can't have a lower price or have a just 20% discount and I have to pay the shipping that cause double with not the carrier isn't securing the package. Waste of time. 1 out 5..
Excellent items, excellent service.
After I updated it, the app stopped working. Getting an error saying No Internet Connection but I'm 100% sure that we do have internet connection since all of our devices are working. Uninstalled then reinstalled the app and still not working. Please reply..
The email link to the app doesn't even work. Only a black patch & nothing happens even if i try to click it. Missed out on certain deals cos the link from email to app hasn't worked at all for a long long time. Thank u..
Love the app, but needs to improve. I realized that there are no room for reviews. you should have chat capabilities for the buyer to ask questions of the product to the seller or the PIC. Having reviews, seeing the actual pictures from the buyer will help a lot. Overall, as far as I'm concerned, all products a legitimate. Just please improve. Love this app since forever..
Filter is not working on promotional discounts. For instance, if I go to your Pay Day sale page and filter the items according to brand, the results will include all items and not the items that are included in the promotional discount which I wanted to view. I don't know why did you remove the filter according to type (for example: shoes, accessories, bags, pants) That is way easier to browse than your latest update. I can't cancel orders in case I want to modify or I had a change of mind..
I dropped 3 stars because: • Prices are outrageously higher and outdated compared to that on official stores. • Refund and return processes are very slow. • Size charts are inaccurate..
having a hard time trying to open the apps and it says there no internet connection EVERYTIME. reinstalled it more than twice, same issue. my connection is strong, the problem is the apps. please fix it.
it lags all the time. Please fix the app.
I like the website version. This app kinda confusing for me. It's good for the first buyer to check out their cart on this app because it gives more discount.
Wish there was an option for the app to remember the brands I frequently filter with (saving brands or certain filter sets as favorites) and to enroll in notifications if there are items on sale or new arrivals for those brands. But all in all, great app..
Im having the same issue, unable to open the app. It's been almost a month now.
Zalora is great site for me. It was so good and good service, they also offer free shipping service. Thank you so much zalora❤.
The product filter is broken. In the past, you could select category, and then the brands available in that category would be filtered, which makes for easy viewing. After the update, even after selecting category, every brand is shown, even though there might be NO items by that brand at all for that category. Which makes viewing difficult. Why show brands when the category doesn't have the product? I keep getting no result found. Why changed something when it's not broken?.
This app is incredible, the only prob for me is that they show duplicated items like when you search for a specific shoe, 2 items show and its the same product. I get confused sometimes when i search the item that i ordered i get 2 results Can you pls fix this Overall the app was nice.
This works well before. However lately it will notify you "no internection connection" when there isnt any problem with my internet connectivity. Please have this fixed. The high shipping fee imposed recently is also a deterrent..
All Legit, Original and Fun shopping app.
I don't like the latest update. It's too complicated. It's not user friendly unlike before where you can just tap the 3 lines on the right side and everything can be found in there. Or you can swipe to the right to go another category. I also love the previous feature where you can view the all the brand's product which I usually do. But now, ughh! I love shopping in Zalora but with this latest update I don't think that I will be shopping that much..
Unable to load the app when connected to home WiFi. It only works when I'm on mobile data. It used to be working fine before the latest update. This is so frustrating. Updated review: Thanks so much for your prompt reply and quick follow up. The app is working fine now after clearing the cache and reinstalling it. The app developer deserves praise for addressing the issue and responding to the review quickly. It goes to show Zalora takes pride in its products and services..
App doesn't work on wifi, only on mobile data Edit: Thank you for this update (8/20/2020), app is now working via wifi connection..
Fast and reliable.
Hi, there is some issue with the Discover More Brands page. I went to the page and it sated 'miss key' Hope youn will look into it. Thanks.
Love tis app! Has been buying fm them for many yrs! Return n exchange is so easy n convenient. Prices r reasonable esp during sales. Quality is gd as its genuine sales for branded..
I've been buying from this site for a couple of years now and it's been great but I hate the new interface. You have to filter for a category to appear and check and uncheck a bunch of things? Why not keep the old one where it was so easy to just swipe right or left. It makes me frustrated that I end not buying anything because of annoyance. So annoyed that I am finally giving a review and you get 2 stars for not thinking of the update thoroughly. I might edit if I get the old interface back..
Easy to use. Love tge discounts.
Ok, first of all, NONE OF THE PROMO CODES WORK FOR ME. I've checked the expiration dates, and I only clicked the actual promo pages inside the app, and the promo codes were all automatically put in the check out, but whenever I click Apply, THERE IS ALWAYS AN ERROR. There are just so many I wanna buy, especially because lots of them are on sale and are part of discount promos (SUPPOSEDLY). PLEASE DON'T WASTE MY TIME (AND VAIN HOPE FOR BARGAIN GOODS). I'LL JUST GO TO THE MALLS MYSELF, THANK YOU VERY MUCH AND HAPPY HOLIDAYS..
Occurred some problems when returning items at POP station options. Doesn't allow load to next page upon clicki at "save and continue" confirmation. Pls update me..
great application happy shopping ...😊.
I love how Zalora works and the overall performance is excellent. If I could suggest anything it would be that wishlist organization. Because it's so messy. When I have 50 or more clothes on my wishlist I find it annoying that I have to scroll down so long before finding what I wanted to buy. I wish there could be like a box where tops/bottoms/shoes were seperated or where I could customize it on my own. Overall though, love it..
First off, I love the minimalist UI. It's clean and non-intrusive of ads. That's one big plus! Next, there are so many quality and high end brands to choose from! From ZALORA basics to Ray-Ban, Burberry and Kipling. Payment methods: 1. COD to selected cities in Philippines. -if you won't be around to accept the package, they also offer to have it delivered to the nearest 7/11 within your home or workplace. 2. Credit card /PayPal / Debit card Shopping Experience: Perfect! 👍😊.
I got an exclusive voucher recently (the notification stated that it's for the item in my bag), then the app directed me to checkout page when I clicked "use the voucher", but the voucher didn't apply, I can't go back and I lost my voucher..
Hello, I am here now to edit my review from last October. I could see that there are a lot of updates and nice brands that has been included from the range of brands before. I really love shopping thru this app cos all is well from ordering (information about the product is specific) to packaging to delivery and there will never be trust issues cuz you know everything is legit so you wont be worried about purchasing high end items plus the free shipping! I so so love it. best app..
Something wrong with your app recently... very long loading, frequently crashed.
This application isn't usually working. Idk what happened. It took me too long to open the app but after ages of waiting it's still not functioning..
The colour selector does not work, the search format is not intuitive and the option to save shopping address as billing address does not seem to work either. I downloaded the app for the initial discount but for the reasons given above, will never use the app again. The mobile Web page is far more intuitive and actually works. I don't like that I have to key in all my details again when I had them on the mobile Web page..
The app is user friendly but very basic. It doesn't allow you to choose which among the items in your cart would you like to check-out. You have to move everything to the wishlist if you are planning to buy the other items on a later time which is a hassle since the wishlist is just piling up and it's also hard to navigate. It doesn't have a product review feature, I would really like to check the reviews first before buying. Zalora should update their app, it keeps on crashing. Too many bugs..
Zalora helps me to be on the spot, in a party. The clothes description is correct. The sizes measurement also valid. Last but not least, good packing and fast delivery. Really in love with Zalora..
Great shopping app. Lots of great deal during festivities and special dates. And there's lots of imported items to choose from..
it sucks!!!!! i can not open the app even though i have so much DATA..
After updating, the app will not open anymore. It says "no internet connection or retry". How to fix this please? Thanks..
Totally love this shop. All products is Orig and packaging is secured. Though hopefully the box packaging will come back unlike now that it is only a plastic pouch. So far so good. And many great deals/discount.
Good service. Been using this app for 5 yrs..
They will mark up the prices by 50% before marketing to you that there's a 50% sale going on. Wasted a lot of my time..
Nice item, fast. Delivery.
Out of all the online shops in the Philippines this is the best. Zalora have been my go to store for authentic products since time immemorial. I could not trust any online shops for their products authenticity other than zalora. Their return/refund system is superb. The way the app was designed also looks very classy with its black and white theme. My only problem is the price of shipping fee coz it's just too expensive. But other than that my whole experience with zalora is just the best..
It's easy to use. Nice. Full of vouchers. Love it. Hello there! Can I give you some opinion? How if you make a QnA part in every sold-objects page? I need to assure and asking something sometimes and it's complicated if I have to email the CS, remembering the code or taken the photos first. And also I found two different measurements tables in one object. Can you fix it? Thanks so much! XOXO.
Love the app!! I've been buying my clothes and shoes here since 2017 and I've always been satisfied however I've encountered a problem before but that was just once! I kinda feel sad though they had to rise the shipping fee (from PHP100 to PHP135) and the amount you have to reach in order to get a free shipping (from PHP995 to PHP1.3k). However it's normal because that's just how business works..
Fix your app!! Its not working!!.
Infinite loading time for maneuvering basket. I have to wait 5-10 minutes of loading for every item I remove. I have shopped from your App twice now and both previous versions were okay. This new version is just so buggy and slow and very irritating. Because of that, I am not pushing through with my purchase.
The app is already organized well, clear, sorted and categorized. So easy to use. I have once experienced difficulties to pay using VA bank transfaer method, the VA number didnt show up. I think it needs to be improved. Also, the payment confirmation system often bugs, the page says picture cant be uploaded, although the size is already fit, but when I chat to the customer service they say its already confirmed. So its lil bit confusing and needs some improvement..
This app is awful. can't even login. everytime they sent a link to reset password, it goes back to the main login page. HOW AM I SUPPOSE TO CHANGE THE PASSWORD? reinstall and still the same!.
Still unable to access the app - displayed a prompt "No Internet Connection". Tried to use other apps and works fine, except for this..
Good services and fast delivery.
In the old days the app's great, but now it's really sucks. It's been 4 days but my items are not send yet. You just package the items and don't send it immediately. It takes too long. I just dissapointed. I buy the items for my friend as a gift and he's outside the city and now the plan is messed up. I just dont get it with your service's quality. I have complained with your customer service, but there's no solution at all. I think it's useless to complain,thx.
At 1st, i love this app. I received my 1st item in good condition, and i like it... but the 2nd one there's no update. I keep on tracking it, still the same for a week now- IN TRANSIT TO HUB. I ordered both on the same date and time. I tried to send an email and now its been 48hrs still no response. Kinda disappointing. Just tell me if it's out of stock or what...I need an update..
I found problems on your ad that you display occasionally on youtube. It could trigger a serious case of photosensitive epilepsy, is when seizures are triggered by flashing lights or contrasting light and dark patterns. You could put a trigger warning beforehand, but you didn't. I suggest if you could take down the ads and replace it with something more safe for the audiences to see the you should do it..
I really love the variety of clothes and items in Zalora. Its my go-to ecommerce app whenever I need something for an event. However, recently the app loads really SLOW whatever internet connection I am using. And as a frequent user with a lot of items in my wishlist, its a pain in the ass to scroll all over again everytime I look at an item..
Can't open the app so I needed to uninstall and install it again. It happened to me thrice already. 😢.
I've been using Zalora from 2014 and everything was okay until now when they use RPX,the package was very slow to come.
Serves its purpose but browsing could be improved by allowing users to bookmark the page last surfed so that they can dome back to it, or providing a better way to navigate instead of scrolling down one long page. It would also be great if it allowed us to select certain items in the cart to check out by batch based on the applicable voucher code so we wouldn't have to transfer items to and from the wishlist. It would be nice to be able to automatically remove item such as plus size and maternity.
Only had this problem recently with loading a page or cart reason being due to "no Internet connection". Possibly a bug in the app?.
Good app, but nearly 80% of the clothes I want to buy are always out of stock which is very annoying. I click "notify me when available" but in several months, none of the clothes were available again. Zalora should restock their clothes more often(if they do at all), or make bigger batches..
I don't know how you guys even profit offering super big discounts but I effin love you guys!! Been a customer since 2017!!! The UI/UX of your website and app are well done too!!!!.
I think there's a problem in your app now coz everytime i click it doesnt open and its just keeps loading the page and it always says No internet connection retry again..
Where is the POSB daily $ redemption . Suddenly missing. Support does not seem to understand English. All going sideways..
I enjoy the extensive collection of clothing but it would be good to have a way to bookmark where you stop scrolling cuz it gets frustrating when it goes back to the top when there's a thousand more stuff I need to cover. Would be good to be able to select the neckline style in dresses too and if material is stretchable. Would also appreciate if there is more stock for those in my wishlist/be able to order before hand. It's annoying that the ones that I like are always not in stock for my size..
It is totally a good application it does have the clothes and shoes that you might like, except for the time that I was expecting for the new white shoes that I already put in a cart because it is available on the app, but then after a day or two they sent me an email that it is out of stock..If it is out of stock if they always update the site or app, I wouldn't bother myself choosing it.
i used to love shopping here but the latest update is a mess. Sort & Filter is not accurate and not working properly now. Also, the previous version wherein categories are on top is still preferred since its easier to choose. Bring back the older version or at least improve this version & make it user friendly. So pissed with this new update -.-.
Where do i begin. The filtering doesnt work well. Overly frequent notifications about sales events, but most have some obscure t&cs that exclude all the items you're actually interested in. The RRP seems marked up. The photos aren't very informative nor are they very flattering at times. My wishlist was spontaneously deleted. I took this as a sign and uninstalled the app..
The app does function but there are downsides. First, there is lack of change email feature which for today's standard should be implemented so user can solve special cases such as the email is not being used anymore and want to change to the frequently used email. Secondly, there is no setting regarding notification and for me this is serious issue because notifications can be distracting for some people and cause notification overload. I hope the devs listen and implements these..
Same issue below comments. Im a note 10 user. Cant open the page at all..
It's One of the best online shop in Indonesia. But this App needs to adding more abilities like: 1-Giving point and writing comment by costumers about size, quality and etc 2- accessing to price or brand of all dressed cloths by a model, for example : when you seeing a T_shirt maybe u liked its pants or shoes too , so you can see other those things in below and get access by a click..
I could like to stop all the email or etc... Follow the email footer instruction "If you wish to unsubscribe, click here (but you will be terribly missed) To adjust how often you receive emails from us, click here instead." and it keeps link me to Play Store instead a way to "unsubscribe"... PLEASE advice how can it be done...!!.
I am giving 1 star rating. It was good but not now. Your Collectco page not loading at all! I have uninstalled and installed . Problem still persist. Do not have such problem if I use the desktop version. Please fix this..
Well, got great first impression for shopping here using the app....
I love it. The app makes my shopping online easy. And right now I am satisfied with all the products I have ordered because it was all in good condition. I am also pleased with the services of Entrego because you can really track your package online and they do leave a text message and call you when they are near your place..
Thank you for making it easier to us, especially in our current situation..
Sizes of clothes are usually out of stock. It really sometimes make me think to uninstall this app,but they have very beautiful pieces of clothes. But please Zalora, provide more stocks of sizes so it won't be stucked on wishlists...
Sometimes we have to know the real pict. Because what i saw, its a little bit not same. But its really gud, if they giving us refund service.. danke!:).
There is no tracker after check out. I have checked a day after still no tracker. The tracker will display after i received the parcel. Please fix this issue, i have ordered plenty item from this apps. All packaging and delivery time so far really good and satisfying. The only matter is i didnt know is the status of shipping, ETA etc. due no Track Package button.
i love this zalora app. easy to filter by promotion and there's a wonderful option to have a quick view with smaller photos. i save a lot of time as compared to using the desktop which loads so slowly. only bad thing is i added some clothes to my cart but it disappears into thin air. i wasn't able to retrieve back the history nor find the clothes back. desktop and app carts are also not connected. hope they can improvise on this..
Shopping online fun!.
Anything pressed on the Home section goes back to Home just like refreshing the Home page. Not sure if that is what it's supposed to show. I expected to be brought to a section of the Sales. Also, pressed 'Learn more about ZALORA now' link, also redirected to Home page. Please fix..
been using your app for a while now. the three stars is only cause I hate the new interface. the previous one was much simpler and easier to navigate. To make my point as to how much the new interface is an inconvenience.I looked up to check if I can complain about it😎.
Nice selection and fast shipment.
The apps always takes long time to load. Recently, it got worsen. Just to update the apps takes me forever. The apps doesn't provide information of the seller's or products rating. These information should be readily available to buyers. And i feel the user friendliness of the apps should be well improved..
App itself is taking ages to open as well as its contents. I hope they could improve that..
It crashed almost everytime, I try to refresh, uninstall. So disappointed..
Great platform to shop at. Once in a while, there's promo codes for certain items. Realized that they saved my old card during checkout. Can't find a way to delete it from my account. Also require to have a landline number and a cell phone number. Who uses a landline number at this day and age? A bit frustrating..
Very user friendly apps. This app always offer up-to-date fashion and the price could be much more cheaper compare to others sometimes due the promotion event Zalora has offered. No difficulty if you want to Exchange or Return. The process very fast even when we do it on weekend. It's a great online market place..
This is my favorite and trusted online shopping app.. products are original and in good quality .. delivery is fastest compared to others.. returns aren't so much of a hassle too.. discounts are real (unlike those apps where discounts are somewhat deceiving).. highly recommended :).
what is wrong with ur App lately, I've been uninstalling reinstalling it multiple times now, and same issue "We've encountered an error" but no error # or reason as to why - I dont feel comfortable using ur website coz its to slow to load esp. when Im using data even tho I have enough. Called ur cust. serv only documented my feedback but still no resolution. Now its hard for me to track my order arrggghhhhh 😠😠😠.
Stuck in loading screen, come one zalora fix this problem..
Wanted to send my parcel to a collectco collection point, but the collectco page doesn't load at all. Updated zalora app and google maps app, and also checked app permission, but nothing work. Also not liking how recently favourite items are placed right at the end of your wish list. The filter doesn't work properly either..
app loading.. I can login, but it takes too long to load every pictures.. I've tried everything, uninstall and reinstall, login different account, but still see nothing.. please fix! and wishlist problem, it will go back to the top after I scroll down and click the item.. way too waste of time...
Quite a far cry from my previous transactions with Zalora. It npw takes a long time for them to process, pack & send my order to their courier. Entrego, their partner courier is unresponsive to follow ups. It's a good thing I chose COD mode for this. For now, I will hold off from shopping with Zalora until they improve and also change their partner courier. *Updates* As of Oct 11, Entrego totally cancelled my order even if there no was no delivery attempt that day..
Bebas ongkir beneran ,, Gokilllll!!.
Soooooo difficult to track your package. They will give you a tracking number and a link to a third party tracker and it is up to you to do the rest! And guess what- you'd always end up with "No Tracking Status Found". Hahahaha. Dear app developer, why not incorporate the status of the delivery into your app like most online shops. Checkout Shopee or Lazada, you might get an idea. 🤷‍♀️.
Not sure what happened with the last update but I'm not able to share the item via WhatsApp when I had no problem doing so previously. There doesn't seem to be an issue when I click the share button on other apps but I'm having trouble with the share function only on Zalora app. Could this be fixed?.
Again , I like this app and all the outfits and clothes really , but.... its only a piece of shirt with a famous logo on it and it cost like a 100$ because its made of what ? An expensive cotoon while i only wear an outfit for only 1 year and it already stars to took off . I like your clothes , but less t- shirts and more style and deisgn..... pls.
Awful company, cant unsubscribe from frequent daily emails, dont install this app- update after this review they have written how easy it is to unsubscribe from emails- just install the app! I actually have no account with zalora, think i window shopped once and that's it constant daily emails and an unsibscribe button that is useless. Zalora you suck!!!!!.
Please return the GUI to the previous version. It's friendlier and is more direct to the point. Compared to the current version which requires you to scroll so many times just to see updates and new stuff in Zalora.
I am stuck with one page. It's saying I have no internet conmection. That's why I am uninstalling it..
App freeze during checkout.
The old app is better than this new update, before you just have to swipe left and right to move categories. now you have to select, check, uncheck, back, which is very annoying because you have to do it over and over again :(.
Lots of discounts, some of the listed sizing can be confusing..
After the update the wishlist is pretty frustrating.. when i scrolled down my wishlist and click an item to view it, and then decided to go back to the wishlist page..the wishlist is displaying way back to the top of it...so i had to scroll way down again if i want to view the item next down the one i have viewed before...
I've been using Zalora for quite a long time. No bad experiences so far. But, I can't open the app after updating it. What happened??? Can somebody explain to me why... i'd be glad to rate this 5 stars if this issue will be fixed ASAP..
App won't open. I already installed and uninstalled so many times. 😩.
I used express shipping for one of my orders on a Thursday night, expecting it to deliver on Friday, but the order still took a few business days to deliver. To anyone that's considering the $8.90 express shipping, don't bother lol..
the app is kinda buggy. multiple times the picture of some of the products wont load at all. other time i have one whole 'men's accessories' page just disappear as i was browsing it and 'sorry, we cant find your search' prompt pop up. other than that, the app is great..
It become worse. The browsing sistem before the update is better than the new one. The new browsing sistem made me so confusing..
The app does not work just stuck on the logo after the update..
this new update is annoying. The previous version is much more easier to use. users able to filter their preferences easier before (e.g shoe size etc). please bring back the older version, where users can simply slides to right or left to shop for different categories. tq.
Hi. Unfortunately, the app keeps on lagging. My app is already updated..
The app is REALLY SLOW! It takes a while for the product photos to appear and also when you scroll down. I have several other shopping apps in my phone and the work just fine. So I know the problem is from the Zalora app itself..
Better experience. Love how easy to purchase your favorite items on-line, hassle free and wide range of branded item to choose from. Easy payment methods to choose also..
Zalora has good customer service and provides quality items to their customers. I appreciate that and so far, it has been the most reliable app for me in terms of online shopping. Although, the app has bits of malfunctions here and there (lagging), I hope you guys will be able to fix it..
I've been using this app for such a long time, and I really love it. But lately there has been endless lags and its taking a very long time to load, like literally a long time. Please fix this concern and release updates regularly..
The wishlist refreshes every single time and it's such a pain!!!!!!..that I have to re-scroll down a million times!!!..and your search function is not sensitive!!!!! But pls FIX THE WISHLIST ISSUE first.. It's killing and it seems like sooooo many ppl have complained already. I shouldnt have updated 🤦🏻‍♀️🤦🏻‍♀️🤦🏻‍♀️.
Keeps on crashing. Tried re-installing for 4 times..
I've been happy with this app ever since I installed it. Items are really legit, and Zalora team behind this are really doing a great job. However, there's no order cancellation option in this app, which is a bit of a bummer. But overall, I think this app is great for online shopping!.
I like the app except during 11.11 sale it's not working at all..
Please update your help chatt better. Not so stupid like this that you cannot copy paste id number while you are in chatt. Or too often to log out suddenly when you are waiting the response from customer service. Or often get lag that you type something but the field doesn't work. This bug is so stupid. Suck.
My number one shopping apps/website. Prices are affordable and shopping experince always smooth! Fast delivery & easy return/exchange. Just that lately the filters/sorting features not really working. Hope you can fix this issue! Other than that, superb!.
Best price you can get!.
Best choice for online shopping. I'm freakin love with this apps and web version too, because of its originality, some great deals, and the way to solve any problems when making transactions. I really appreciate it, thanks zalora for making shopping now easier than the old times..
The app is great. The service was great before when you can actually email them and they're very prompt to respond. Now, they direct you to messenger and you can't even send mail there. The other issue I have is with their delivering partner Entrego. It takes longer now than before for orders to arrive and its difficult to track the package..
Good. Perhaps more discounts.
Please include colour of clothing as the color in some pictures can be misleading. Bought a black colour(based on picture) long sleeves T-shirt and it arrived in dark Navy blue colour.. the picture is very misleading, please state the colour for all items in future to help consumers made informed purchase..
A vast variety of designer brands, simply Superb.
I feel very satisfied with the service and products of this app because of the quality of its authenticity and the suitability or accuracy of the product and the size in the photo with when it reaches the buyer. Thank you ZALORA, I love, believe, and proud of you..
The app is great the only downside is the order tracking. I'm receiving an error that there has been a problem on fetching data. Hopefully it would be fixed asap because I personally can't monitor if the package is already arriving or not..
Easy to navigate, eye pleasing and eye catching website and user friendly for me. Plus, many good deals from time to time. Good job!.
i like all the goods & specially the discounts 😍 but the application sometimes is not responding, but it doesnt happened all the time anyway, but for sure need improvement to make it more reliable & easy friendly.
This is all round a terrible app. There are always issues with it, the ones I've encountered are: app keeps crashing, and that it cannot filter anything. I want to support a local company but you guys make it really difficult..
I been using this online shop for almost 6 years and I love it . items so good and i dont dissapointed just exactly by the picts ,free return or change the items was so easy to do it ,the way they solved my problem they handle really fast and best of all Cash on Delivery . please dont change that and Keep it up the good work . 😘😍.
Simple and friendly.
Sometime they have sale and it's very worthed. The outfits are cute also. One of my fav app to search for clothes.
App is great and quality of products are great too as well as the sales, however minus 2 stars is due to the measurements in INCHES.. converting from google each time to CM is a real terrible hassel & its wats deterring me from actually making purchases..Please change to CM for measurements or at least ADD the measurements in CM besides inches would be a load off..
The app experience only so-so. Product description is bare minimum. 1 star due to my 2nd purchase was canceled without proper explanation. Thinking that the item no stock as i bought during promo time (early year). When I check back item still on sale. So zalora or merchant not honoring the price it seems. Disappointing and eroded my trust in them. Sorry 1 star. Update: 24th Jan- item is still on sale. Clearly case of not honoring the offer? No?Support says delay processing& slow update. Really.
wow Zalora, thanks for the DISASTROUS first time experience! 4 times I tried to pay for my purchase, 4 times I got redirected back to the previous page with NO reason why! 5th time I tried, I was prompted that the item was NO LONGER available and removed from my cart!.
What the hell happened to my wishlist? Y'all just up and take half of it out just like that? Makes no sense. This is the only app I've encountered that does that. You can put a limit if you want but we put it there for a reason. But now they're not there anymore..
This is my go-to app in terms of clothes and shoes. The sizing can be a bit of a problem sometimes but you can return the item if its the case. There's a wide selection of styles and brands to choose from!!.
Good app and delivery experience so far, but 2 things: 1. Pickup of returns are NEVER on the requested date, so useless to specify a date 2. Cant return items anymore recently since that page isnt loading even after reinstalling the app. So helpless.....
Thank you Zalora for your friendly and professional team! Recent purchases were great! It gives me the opportunity to explore some of the fashions that I never thought I would try. No more the judgement and no more long queue from the changing room/cashier..
the app doesnt work for me, it will always tell you that theres no internet even tho i have a strong connection. fix it asap thankyou.
Took too long to open the apps. and after the long wait apps still not responding. I have already uninstall and install the apps many times but it still not working. Maybe because your new update. Now already uninstall. Waste my time..
Easy for shopping, return and fast delivery, love the promo all the time.
My experience with the app and service has been alright but since the recent update I've been unable to track my orders. It just says theres been an error when fetching the data. It doesn't give any tracking info at all..
I am not sure why I can't add items to my wishlist and to cart. How am I supposed to buy items if there's nothing happening on adding to wishlist or even adding to cart option. I have re-installed the app several times and I am still having the same issue..
It is always a delight to shop @ Zalora 😊. Good finds at a very reasonable price..
hi zalora, what has happened to your app? used to be good...but recently your app always hang, very slow or I can't open it all. I tried to I uninstalled few times but still the same. Did you know why?.
excellent, i love that the models measurements and the size of the clothes they are wearing were included in the description.
What happen to zalora? Please fix the app. I cant open anything on my phone, the loading was long, and cant even open anything inside the app. Please fix it ASAP.
There is no problem with the application. The problem is the partnership of Zalora with Entrego. This courier is the worst in the industry. They lack efforts to atleast inform the customer about the delivery, most of the times "customer failed to accept the parcel", though they did not even attempt to deliver the parcel from the beginning. Zalora's deals and sales are the best, but useless because of their delivery service partner..
The video to see the clothing doesn't work. It says there's a problem initializing player.
The app crashes when trying to complete orders. First time, it crashed while I was trying to order the last stock of a pair of sneakers. It crashed and made the sneakers unavailable (it got stuck in my orders as pending payment, with no option to complete the payment. It was just in limbo). The second time, it crashed before the payment part so I just had to add everything back to my bag and order again. The third time, it crashed and used up my voucher code but no order. Careful with this app..
love this app. love zalora. it's so user friendly and very reliable. I bought so many things from zalora. the return system is fantastic if the item doesn't fit or not to my likings when it arrived and it's free. delivery was super fast too. highly recommended..
The best online retail app out there!!.
Easy to use, simple.
Customer service sucks. They have that option in the app where you can contact them thru Messenger bot but every time I try, it says it's not available that moment. I tried to do it different times, still the same message. And the email support is spotty too. Doesn't always reply..
Please fix the app, it's annoying that everytime i open zalora it always tells me to update but after downloading updates it always says that there is an error. This only happens in your app so I doubt my phone is the one faulty. Storage memory is not a problem fyi.
What is wrong with your app? "We encountered a problem fetching the feed. Try again" is the mesaage I've been receiving lately. Have tried unstalling & reinstalling, to no avail. Do something about it!.
i dont like latest app update. more steps to do category filter (5 clicks). previously its only one swipe + one click what is better : now we can change grid dimensions. can see > 10 pics in a window. good for comparing.
I want to login my account but i forgot my password, so I jump to "change password" button. But why the link is always broke. I can't change my password.
Uninstalled then installed again. App isnt even loading. Its just stuck. Kindly fix it.
Dear Zalora this 2 years your clothing are so out of fashion with either flowery or the pattern too old fashion.Wish the fashion designer of the earlier years could just provide simple plain colour v shape with or without collar short sleeve blouse or dress. Less black coz mostly are in black.Prefer fresh colours like pink.red.maroon.turquoise.grey.green etc. Sure sell well.Just suggestions without any prejudice..
It is a great app for me because I love online shopping especially for clothes and any essentials. It has many choices so it really does help. For shipping, it is very easy especially when you open your GPS to locate the address..
Your price filter doesn't work please fix it. I want to find bags that are in the range of 30 - 90 but it still shows items that are over the said range. I thought the several updates prior to this complaint would fix it but nope..
So disappointed! I've ordered and it was COD, and then Entrego would call me that I have to pick up the items in the border because they're not allowed to deliver in the province Knowing that they're not allowed to deliver within the province, yet, they still accept deliveries. You should have an updated list of your courriers if they really can deliver the items on certain places to avoid disappointment on the buyer side..
The quality of the item is great (packaging yoo) and the approximate time of delivery is excellent. I also love the wide range of choices to choose from. Most of all, there are also the frequent discounted items from my wishlists. There are still brands that I'm awaiting in the future..
Hi! Can you please fix your app!!! It just stuck up whenever I open the app!.
I love the fact that you can easily return or exchange items without any questions. You also have the option to have it picked-up from your home. I ordered several times already, every transaction is hassle-free and I love their express shipping and they always have promos! Thank you!.
Hi zalora, it seems like the recent search function not able to filter in a item in more specific way. When I search superdry backpack, it will shows me a list of 500 ++ item without filter. Is there any problem? Previous version no issue. Pls advise..
Good ...but hope can improve bring in more brands..
Absolutely an awesome application but the unsubscribe mailing list doesn't work .. 🙄🙄.
At first, I was kind of hesitant to use this app. But when I got the chance to fully maximize and understand how easy it is to shop using this app, I immediately got hooked! I hope you'll partner with luxury brands also so I 'll get to choose more. Thank you!.
Every size are now ridiculously comes with a different prices. Hence when price filter is applied it'll show you the price of the cheapest size (the sold out one) on thumbnail of the item. While almost all the available sizes are at normal price!.
After last update per 20 September 2018, i can't open the apps, it is say 'we have encountered trouble for fetching data' can you solve it ? I've installed it again on new updates per 30 Sep 2018, and the problem still the same😊.
Very user friendly..
Super affordable and easy to use and overflowing vourchers!😍.
Fave. Been a fan since 2017. All the items are authentic. It's just that shipping has been delaaaaayyyeeedd these past few days. Still understandable since it's pandemic..
Limited timing discounts e.g. 1-6pm impossible to utilise due to poor filtering options. Could not filter to specific size and had to search through 6000+. when filtered to womens tops there were weird options like lens colour. Gave up quickly..
On my Samsung Avant phone, an error appears when I launched the app which reads: "We have encountered a small problem with fetching data." Is there a solution around this?.
I cant access the app because of "No Internet connection" when I literally have a strong WiFi connection..
Poor customer service. They don't even aswer your email and private message in FB messenger..
Dear Zalora, I just updated the app yesterday, and the whole thing just got really bad. I couldn't view the video anymore. It just doesn't play. FYI I'm using Samsung Note 8. Please fix so I can continue shop. Thank you.
Fast deliver and products are good in quality❤.
3rd time I am rating your app 5 stars. I returned an item but forgot to include the receipt in the package. Took a photo of the actual receipt and emailed customer service, a day after I received a reply stating that my refund request is currently being processed. You guys are amazing. Keep it up.
I often pressed back accidentally on promo page accessed from push and couldn't get back to that page (and I couldn't find the promo on homescreen). Inbox for push notification will be very nice to have, so that I can access it again from there..
i'm always having a great experience shopping on Zalora! the goods always come before the expected date and thats the benefit of being Zalora NOW member. i am so delighted with the app. but i only have one wish, can we all get feed feature? where we can follow our favorite brands and seeing it all in one page? thank you Zalora!.
This is the best online shopping app I've ever used. The items are legit and original. It offers a variety of products at discounted prices. It offers free vouchers too for more and bigger discounts..
App is very unintuitive and messy. Easy to get lost. I can't cancel order, can't contact live support. Facebook chatbot keeps redirecting me to pointless pages instead of live support. My voucher gets eaten by an order that did not go through..
what kind of "more information" do you need? install your own apps, register it! wait for your own zalora ads email within a day. and then please try to use the "unsubscribe" link in that Zalora email! and please provide me more info abt it. i want to unsubcribe the email ads. but whenever i click the link. either lead me to the app, or google play store to install this app. Please Zalora... this is annoying! and this is cheating! whoever install this app and register. please be aware of this!.
When I update my app suddenly it keeps on showing no internet connection and since then i can't log in with my account, please help me out thank you.
The app is ok but their AD flashing black and white on the screen is so irritating to the eyes that it hurts. (I think it can even trigger epileptic attack on other people) I hope they change that annoying advertisement already especially in youtube..
Since yesterday the app won't work well. It doesn't open and keeps saying it has a problem with fetching data. I deleted the app and downloaded it again and says the same thing. Need some help!.
So far so good, no crimp yet. But still there are some bugs in some points of the interface but it's okay. Hope you can improve this better.
To the developers: Please at the payment section put a confirmation if the customer is really want to checkout the item. Because if you accidentally press/click it then you have know way to cancel it. Also, you shoud have allocate a time frame to be able for the customer to cancel its order, say for 5mins. On the other hand, Zalora is great when it comes to their item quality and delivery. P.S. tracking order in mobile app needs serious improvement..
I cannot share the items to others after I did upgrade my software on my phone S10+ Apparently it does not support latest Android version. Please fix it. I thought the new update will solve the sharing issue. But after the update still unable to share the items to others via WhatsApp🥵.
The app is clean, minimalistic and very easy to navigate. The browsing experience is even better with the app than on browser site due to how compact it is. Overall excellent app! I applaud to the developers..
I cant open the app. Everytime I try to open it just auto shut down..
Keep stuck...can't log in...deleted and reinstall still the same....
The app is okay, it just lacks some basic features (reviews, discussion or q&a). I just want to complain about how lame your response is, this is my first experience buying stuff from you guys and I don't think I would recommend your service to anyone..
Smooth payment. Great choice. Easy app. Everything is seamless!.
Dear Zalora, i really love using your app but when i scroll too much an error would appear saying that the product that i find is not available. I didnt use a filter so this shouldnt happen. Please fix.
Your search experience is messed up: 1. Selecting item from a list would refresh my filters and bring me to the initial state. 2. Selecting t-shirts categories would return some random goods..
Just the second day of using the app and now it's totally useless! "We have encountered a small problem with fetching data"... Really, the whole day???.
App hangs at checkout. Crashes when browsing. Dont know which promo code applies because of "brand exclusions" therefore promo codes not real, just bait. Too many promo codes offered but nowhere to reference when ur already at checkout/browsing. Too many promo codes that dont actually mean anything..
Original products. User friendly app. Quick delivery..
Zalora is a brilliant system. User friendly interface, mobile friendly features, seamless connectivity and a really fast payment process. I also thank the team who constantly ensures that I receive my parcels on time and update the app..
Missing item and wrong address in the first delivery. At least they actually consider it and resend it to the right address. Finally got it now but other than that, its perfect!.
Been stuck in the loading page. This just happened after the last couple of updates. I tried to uninstall and reinstall the app but still to no avail. Hoping that you guys can fix this. Been using the app for sometime..
At the time we have a problem, "Contact Us" tab is not working.
I like the old version more the updated ones cant filter to my need e.g. when I searched Topshop and the apps put up some options and when I choose the option there are varieties of items but I only want pants but cannot do advance filter as they dont provide that kind of filter. Otherwise I would rate 5.
i can't edit the newsletter frequency. edit profile at apps doesn't work. i try to uninstall and unsubscribe from email but it continuously redirect to playstore to re-install again. your flooding emails are disturbing, sorry zalora i should mark you as spam.
the search function is way off, we get to see the number of results when we search for various items but the actual results fetched upon hitting enter is wayyyy higher and way less relevant to what was searched for..
very nice and beautiful things, it will be nice if kids collection can also be added to the platform.. it will be more better.. thank you.
Satisfied. I got the item that I wanted. Was concerned a bit because this is my first time shopping online and because there was a short delay but at the end of the day, they were accurate. For years I was hesitant to use Zalora but I was lured-in because of the discounts. Will purchase from them again. Good job.
It's a terrible experience with ZALORA . I want to unsubscribe the newsletters (I receive too many), but when I click "unsubscribe", each time it directs me to the app. Till now, I couldn't unsubscribe!.
your customer service has slow follow up even all data required for verification already sent and they are not committed with the timeline given (1×24hours), 2nd time asking the status to your customer service still same data asking and i need to wait 1x24hours again.. 👎.
The best shopping app,i tried zillingo zara and any other similar app. But zalora looks different and outstanding for now, it original, free shipping, and the product display was very accurate, and everything neat and well Organized, e.g, the product displayed as same color background white, taken from different angle, manual to measuring size, product descriptions, how to take care, and everything that makes my whole experience feel more personal and well experienced & The price is cheaper here.
I'm trying to log in on my account to complete my transaction but the app keeps crashing. I already tried to reset my password but the unavailable link keeps on popping out. Help!.
Please check on the wishlist problem. It's so annoying that all my past wishlist which i already removed from the wishlist keep appearing. Removed it like 3 4 times.. And then it will appear again the next 3 4 5 days..
The app used to be perfect but now it looks like Hermo app and the filter feature is confusing. But overall, it's easy to use and navigate..
The application is great, however the service is not good at all. When I got the problem and tell the customer service, they always ask me to wait but the problem is not solved and no confirmation.
The app kept closing on me after scrolling through for 1-2 mins, and i have to redo the filters, category and sort all over again. It happened to me more than 3 times..
The app has been majorly slower to open. I would end up waiting for a min and it still hasnt open yet. I installed zalora on both my phone and tablet and yet both are equally slow. Please do help fix this..
Overall satisfied with the purchase.. But please resolve the wishlist problem.. It's hurting the overall experience.. But still not much to complain when you're giving out amazing deals out there...
This app always close automatically after few minutes of browsing! Really make me annoying! 😡.
Zalora is and has always been my no. 1 destination when it comes to buy apparel and stuff for years. It would be great if in the future Zalora could add more global brands (such as Stradivarius, Bershka, and H&M), and also provide rating and review system for all product. I personally think it would help us to accelerate our shopping activities and give better experience. Overall, this app is amazing!.
Please put a review on every product 🙂 thanks.
The app fails to provide the space for the consumers to give our feedbacks regarding the products and overall service..
Very convenient for international shopping experience!.
Previously its working great, after done some update, error happen while open the app says: encountered small problem while fetching data. And its goes black. Too bad... Pliz fix this..
Great app for shopping.
Im also having similar problem with some of the reviewers..previously the apps working so good, but i unable to open the apps after i updated this latest version..i hope zalora can fix this asap.
Not sure what happened after the last update but now I cannot login to my account or browse. Just shows circle of server running. Tried uninstalling and re-installing and still the same..
Been shopping in Zalora since 2012. Unlike other online shops, you can be sure that the products you buy in Zalora are original and not Class A goods. Plus they often have surprise sales so it's fun!.
Things on my faves says it's in stock but when I try to preview it always says "oops! Something wrong.. blah blah" please fix this. And please bring back the first ver! It has better interface, simpler and easy.
I used to love this app with great service and easy refund process. But lately when they made mistake sending me wrong item, they didn't even send me back the right item. Instead they asked me to pack the wrong item, sending back to their warehouse (which taking time, energy, and also money for me to do that as I am quite busy, thats why I bought online.Making me doing work) And they will send me back the money only. I'm so dissapointed by this zalora :( I may need to rethink to buy here later..
The app has problems. I bought two items via credit card today but didn't get a confirmation email or text notification. Called my bank and was told that the items have already been charged to me even though I have not gotten any confirmation from Zalora. Apparently Zalora rejects orders without warning and is slow to reverse the charges on buyers' cards. It is not clear why orders get rejected - I'd like to know why this happens. Customer service is only available during office hours..
App is not opening, tried several re-installs but the same issue.
I uninstalled Zalora today. I had a deceitful claim from its courier Entrego PH that a Zalora package of 2 pairs of Adidas footwear was delivered (eventually admitted after 13 days of back & worth exchange that it wasn't delivered). Zalora dropped the ball with its multiple chat agents promising they will handle the issue and directly contact me within 24-48 hours and nobody ever did. Finally by another medium (email), an agent admitted the package was not delivered..
this app really good! have many promotions and discounts, products are original, fast process, fast delivery, Thankyou zalora♡.
Unable to open this app at all after the recent update, even tried to uninstall/reinstall but still doesn't work. A few friends facing the same issue..
Please fix your app. All I can see are black rectangles and can't view the actual content. Other than that, it's a good site to browse for fashion and beauty items..
This app is customer friendly, it filters the items that you want and you may want. Plus, there's a lot of vouchers, promos and discounts! I love this app. Keep up the good work!.
Theres something wrong with you app, encountered a problem fetching a feed. Reinstalled many times yet same reoccurring issue.
After recent updates, all the shopping cart & bag is gone to zero, please fix this. One more thing, I can't track the delivery progress since there is no more tracking code provided..
Sometimes lagging other than that very useful app,n items all authentic and value for money.
I already ZALORA user for more than 3 years, but now the ZALORA app always stuck in welcome screen. It so disappointing that I can't use this app. Please fix it soon. I use pocophone F1.
This is an amazing app. But the shipping fee is a bit expensive. When I buy from a different brand, they will charge me another shipping fee. Therefore, the discounts were useless for it is replaced by the shipping fee..
Really terrible app. Every time I browse it would crash after certain time and I would need to start browsing all over again. Literally every 5 to 10 mins. So annoying & ruins my shopping mood..
Good app for online shopping and easy to access.The delivery is on time..
Mobile friendly, great.
No problems with the app! The service, is awful Very slow service, tracking doesn't work... Please change your logistic partner, because they are INCOMPETENT! Please hire more competent personnel.
Hi. My apps used to be fast and reliable but for the past one or 2 weeks, I could not even launch the app and I cant even track my order. Hope you can fix this :) Thank you.
The app does not let you disable promotion notifications, signs you up for their newsletter by default, and only offers to disable the subscription through the email. Too pushy when it comes to marketing..
I'm always doing shopping for my apparel in Zalora..
Great app, shout out to Zalora's return and refund procedures. It's very convenient that I no longer feel anxious with buying cloths online. Highly recomended.
It's not possible to disable notifications of special offers and stuff from the app. You can still disable them from android, of course. I will uninstall the app as soon as my order is delivered, I don't need extra spam..
I love the app and products being sold, I just wish there is a home button..
Frequent problems with opening and using the app - stuck at loading page.
Never ever get tired of shopping my clothes in here,the quality is absolutely amazing, i get more by paying less, and ZALORA has always delivered my item on time, the app is great, the catalogue is superb,everything is just perfect!.
Awesome app. Registered to Zalora Now and I've been enjoying free shipping with no min spend for a long time now. I love the brands . I love all the deals. I just love this app a lot 😍 Final Verdict: 6/5 ⭐.
The Ads in this app is starting to annoy me. They appear and suddenly pop-up even when I'm off this app and navigating through other apps..
Easy and Nice App for Shopping, and if there's any cancellations item from seller it's automatically send to your wallet Account.. better try it for yourself. 5 star for Zalora...
I installed Zalora apps when I saw a pop up message from their website that can enjoy 20% off for first purchase through apps. however, I couldn't enjoy this discount when entered the promo code. I'm uncertain with this Zalora promo just to get customer to install the apps for higher rating....
The best! Very convenient very fast. Always smooth transaction!.
I didn't bought anything yet, but i tried to look the product that i knew that its hard to fine and i know its original. And i only found it her in Zalora, and that's the Deuters Back Pack which is you can't find it in other shopping apps..
It will be good if system has payment system like Shopee etc, so seller will get paid only if product have arrived at destination..
Was working great until recently. I love Zalora but this new app has always failed to launch. I keep getting "we encountered a problem fetching data" error message. Please resolve this soon Zalora team.
it easy to shopping.
Please get a better youtube ads team. Every time your ad shows up on youtube I have to physically cover the screen because it is extremely uncomfortable to my eyes to see your ad go black and white black and white repeatedly..
Issue launching the app both on my phone and on tablet. It keeps restarting. Needed to force close and relaunch before it can launch successfully. Other apps work fine so it isn't a hardware issue..
This app is very user-friendly. You can filter it by brands, sizes and even price range. Also, they processed returns efficiently. Thumbs up!.
After some app update I have some problems opening the app. Error msg is "We have encountered a small problem fetching data". I used to shop often using ZALORA but I'm not able to now..
Easy to buy as the description clear n pretty detail n easy to return when the clothes not suit ur taste...
I love this app, the app will help me to buy the clothes easily.👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻.
The product and the services is excellent😊.
Luv the legit merchandise and wide variety offered.
I updated it many times, all promo items n brands is no functional. Items is not updated it, some of it out of stocks which is frustrated..
Very BAD pickup exchange process. A WEEK LATE PICKUP STILL NO CONFIRMATION. I've contacted CS twice each day still no confirmation..
For the past weeks, more or less 2, I've been having issue with the app. It's not loading. I've uninstalled and reinstalled the app multiple times. But still not working..
The updates in zalora app are not good. Filter is not functioning. The choices (e. g. Categories, brand, etc) are not easy to navigate/search. The old version is better than this..
Bad experience in my first transaction where it was rejected without any explanation while my credit card had already been charged.. . very disappointed.. not recommended at all...
Sort and filter doesn't work for me right now, but it was working before. Haven't tried uninstalling and installing the app again, as I'm currently waiting for my orders to be delivered..
Useful and powerful app when I need to shop for clothes without having to leave my current place or some people say: "Mager" :D Everything I need to shop for clothes is in it..
Your delivery service make me upset. My address is correct but your app said incorrect!.
Started exploring Zalora app about a month ago, fell in love with shopping there. Free returns with no questions asked for orders fulfilled by Zalora. Good! Would love to see more luxury brands and items! For Armani exchange, only sunglasses are available..
Always crashes. Ihave to redownload it all the time.
Customer oriented fashion shopping destination, detailed filter engine, user friendly app, customer service is easy to contact. Keep up the good work!.
I have to use mobile data to use the app , so every time I go on the app I need to change the network that I'm using ( WiFi - > Mobile Data ).
User-friendly app, easy to order, easy payment options, fast delivery, excellent product quality and very inviting promos and discounts..
Love that zalora allows for returns . Makes life so much easier. And this apps is fantastic. Easy to navigate.
1 I haven't received my Zalora Now subscription rebate vouchers. I received my Welcome Card last June 27, 2019. It says there that I will receive my vouchers within 7 days after I received it. Until now, I haven't received any rebate voucher. Moreover, disappointing customer support and there was this one Entrego rider who sounded disrespectful on the phone..
New version crashes regularly. All the pictures are blackened out and i cannot see any of the stuff you're showing.
So easy to browse through items and I love how I can easily go back to my favorite items .I love also the variety of items available..
Great Deals everytime.
Affordable and good quality. Cash on delivery and it takes a day of waiting after you order. Great apps 😀.
Tracking system is not convenient and user friendly . Is it just my phone or the system itself do not work .so thumbs down 👎🏼 Please Make it easier like lazada and shopee .i just started to shop more with zalora .but mehhhh .fix this feature and ill continue to shop here . Thanks.
I bought a Nike bag on the 6th of May. It had tracking updates but suddenly stopped updating on the 8th and haven't updated since. Email support isn't responding anymore. It has been 18 days and I still haven't received my item. I've bought items in Lazada last Wednesday and have received them on Friday so you cannot tell me that there are issues with the courier..
I like Zalora. Most platform i will go for online shopping. And i really satisfied for the service..
I used to enjoy shopping in zalora. But ever since I updated, I cant view the items. I keep seeing black boxes over the photos. 😞.
I love Zalora. It's my daily shopping outlet, window shopping online and sometimes I buy cute stuff that are for sale. Sometimes if I dont like it, no need to worry because I can always schedule for pick up if I want to return it. They refund also..
I'd really love Zalora products as well. Zalora gave me a lot of benefits instead. as a member they gave me special discount and free delivery products. I am very satisfied with Zalora products too. Original brand and never sale fake brands like other apps sale. thanks Zalora..
Best fashion shopping app ever.. So convenient to use, super fast shipping and easy returns.. The best thing is that it offers the biggest discount and the best quality.. Thanks zalora! 😘.
Still the best app for online fashion shopping in terms of look, quality and speed. 😉.
installed and reinstalled the app cus the welcome page stated that "we encountered a problem fetching the feed" please look into this. thank you.
Fix it please, not working with wifi connection and stuck at ZALORA logo.. Need to switch to mobile connection to make it work..
Slow process and slow delivery. But in some item, mostly, is limited collection. I love it..
The app takes too long to load. I received a wrong item and I can't return it. I'm going to uninstall zalora now..
The sort and filter options dont even work. Its annoying and takes so much of my time when it crashes. Ugh..
App is very easy to use. Service is superb. I regularly receive updates via SMS. Return-exchange process is fast and easy..
I like the service 👌 Faster and quality is good 👍.
All the items I bought from Zalora were so so good. I like them especially the quality. Not just looks good in the photos but in actual...with class and elegance. Thank you Zalora..
the app not really convenience, still need to add many features. for many case i still need to go to web version. also, the order status update is quite slow.
I love zalora. Very easy to use platform. Great daily promos and deals. I always go to zalora whenever I need something in "fashionly manner". And the service never dissapoint me..
Ang pangit ng Chat support, nawawala everytime na magrefressh or bumalik ka sa Home. And you need to refill up details everytime you want to chat to the desk. Wala manlang icon or page na dedicated for inquiries or support. Walang kwneta antagal pa ng delivery. Walang update..
I never wanted to buy things online except from Zalora. It is so convenient and I'm so happy with the products that I bought from Zalora..
everything are fine but why it takes a long time to open the apps... sometimes i need to refresh the app a few times to open it...
Why i cant install this app after a few days ago i decided to uninstall it? Now i cant install it back.
Fascinating, Classy, affordable and has a lot big discount.
Great options, great service, no problems encountered so far. Wide selection of items. Frequent discounts and sales..
Very satisfied,.you delivered the item correctly,in sizes and color description,unlike to other seller,they always delivered wrong items,.
I love the app but why is it that the COD payment option has been disabled?.
This app is frustrating. Why should an update be worst than the former? Pls reconfigure this newly updated app. No log in, no purchase..
Good apps , i love it bravooo zalora indo.
nice app., just need to add tracking for the replacement or returns or atleast text after every pick up.. but overall 2thumbs up...
whenever i try to track my order, the app just does this infinite loading thing. used to be a good app but after the last update, it just got wonky; which is really disappointing..
I can't proceed with the payment. Had tried to restart the phone, uninstall and install the app back and still can't do..
click on return items but nothing appear. Please fix this.
I choose a specific brand I want to look at, the icons appear...the moment I scroll down the page displays " Sorry we couldn't find any items that match your criteria". Why is this so?.
Just installed the recent update and the app won't open. It sucks..
The app is great. I just want to complain about how lame your response is, customer service is very poor. I tried to reach them fifth and they hang up on me fifth. Live chat is useless, never online at their given time for assistance. Sizes of goods are quite not accurate and not match to the list in the display Zalora. DISSAPOINTED !!, DISSATISFIED !!.
The app sends too many notifications until I get annoyed and eventually uninstall. Notifications are fine but do you really need to send it at 3am in the morning and a thousand times a day?? Please have a little sense. So desperate to get customer..
The app is easy to use but the order tracking status in mobile app is not displaying the proper status. It will always shows BOB_TRACKING_STATUS_.
Previously I have no problem using this app, but recently it takes forever to load even after I reinstall it. Help!.
The best shopping experience ever.
App doesn't work! It never loads. I accessed it only once then it never loaded again. It's so disappointing..
Zalora app keeps randomly popping up. It's annoying. I have updated its permission, still does it. Please look into your app..
I think this apps is good but I dont know why I can't connect always say lose connection have a small problem can you please fix it thank you.
App is thousand times better than lazada an shoppe. UI is far more superior and the user experience is on different level. Products are good! Shopping done right at your fingertips!.
Authentic items for less.
Haven't encountered any problem with this app. Legit products, big discount..
Can't pick item into wishlist if size is not available. It should not be happen, so we can bookmarked desired item even size was not available....
I've been buying dresses in Zalora since 2017 and i really loved the quality, design and texture. But the last year (2019), I bought 3 dresses and end up returning them all and asking for a refund because they look and fit cheap far from its price (1000php each). I still think that it was from Taytay or Divisoria with your brand attach to it. It was traumatizing tbh. I hope that you can provide satisfactory price and quality of your products..
recently couldnt even open the app. it would show me the zalora logo and it will stay there for ages. ive tried uninstalling and installing again but still doesnt work. please fix.
very easy to order,easy to return if unsuitable product as well. frequent sales, heavily discounted items and promos. so much variety..
my debit card was hacked that I purchased here at ZALORA 3 times that I only put it on wishlist. I dont know why that thing happen I hope you guys can fix, it it cost 3000. PLEASE FIX IT..
The return button is not working. I need to return 2 shoes i order and the return items button is not working after update. Please fixed..
Im still stuck at Payment Process, what should I do? Because of loading process was too long to wait, I just close down the app and re-open the app, and unfortunately, the item is still at payment process. I cant seem to proceed with the payment..
already bought many items here, i'm very satisfied so far. You can trade your items if the size you pick is wrong, and it's FREE *. And then a lot of discount make your shopping experience better. So far, nothing bad, so here my five stars.
No cancellation options on the app, you have to log-in to desktop version to cancel the order..
the new format for searching is really trippy.. it hard to specify the type of clothes you want search.. like graphic and plain t shirts.
actually i didn't often use this app, just when i need something stuff i will open this app. but overall this app help me a lot, and the most important... less bugs, almost perfect.
Cannot create account to submit the order... per web site offer if buy from app have a cheaper price. Downloaded the app but not successful to create account to purchase... no idea what is the information missing... very disappointed for this app..
Best UI and UX app for online shop I've ever use. Develop more UI and UX for the best experience. Good luck!.
Very good. And the dress quality is very nice. I like and love it.. Me and my friends still continue to purchase zalora.. Keep it up...
The app takes forever to load whenever I check out!! Ugh! Please fix this issue, Zalora. I'm trying to get the item in time for our office's Christmas Party haha.
this app didnt work properly, i tried clicking in the homepage deals and it still shows me the homepage...is it not compatible with my pocofone or my android version?..can anyone help me with this?.
Love Zalora. Certain times it really has good deals & delivery is normally fast. Return & refund process is easy & fast, too, compared to some other online shops..
Great app. User-friendly and authentic items..
There's no option to disable notification. Very irritating to keep receiving them. Has since uninstalled the app. Will only consider install when I decide to buy again. (And Zalora South East Asia Pte Ltd, 我看不懂你在写设么。).
When I clicked check out then go to SELECT delivery option NOTHING SEEMED TO HAPPEN when I click home/office /nothing happened so I couldn't pass No. 2 and no. 3.
Since the recent update it keep saying problem with fetching data. I cant even open the app..
Dear developers from Malaysia, Please accept payment with Touch n' Go ewallet Thank you.
Recommended app. Prices are friendly and convenient shopping experience so far. Try now!.
This probably could be one of the best shopping platform I have ever used. User friendly and returnable orders make Zalora a great app indeed. Thank you Zalora ♥.
New interface is horrible the previous version was better the filter and segregation is much easier and convient in the previous version please put it back..
my language settings suddenly changed to Chinese and I'm not able to reset it as all options are now in Chinese. i have uninstalled and installed and still the same problem. please help.
Needs some improvement in filters and search results. Overall very good experience in shopping and the app has cool offers..
Good app and the quality are very good. And what you saw is what you get. Nice and good . thanks zalora. Keep up the good work..
the app is annoying.. i am not sure if you're currently updating but the app is not working. i tried to uninstalland reinstall many times but still not working and too long to respond on my celphone!.
The products are easy to filter. No hassle since all products are authentic and orginal..
Dude, seriously .. why i cant open this app .. since i wanted to see some cloths but when i open the app it just blank and i tried to uninstall and install and , this app keep error and blank like the iCon (Z in the beginning) do not allow me to in . Pls fix this ! This just make me confussed ..
After made payment, i didnt know whether it is confirmed or not. Payment said it was unsuccessful. But zalora said it was confirmed but my cart still not updated. Poor apps..
Light, easy and very responsive app. Just add a review section for an item..
I love this app! Your customer service is great as well! ❤.
This is the best, the apps, the customer service, the delivery service. Nothing is bad. Been using this app for the past 6+ yrs, when still in high school.
i don't like a new filter in this application. i like to seeing all shoes or clothes and than i would filtered later depends on brand, color or else...
I'm using this app for over 2 years, selling great clothes, and the features i like the most is we can changes the size if it not fit to us and we can do refund if the clothes didn't like we expect. Thank you..
since i updated it, it keeps forcing to close the app without any certain problem. never had this issue before..
I love that there are lots of choices and of good quality. I love the service as well. Good job Zalora. Keep it up 😊.
I cannot open the application. I'm disappointed, I did couple of uninstall and install for the application to work but it still stock on the loading screen..
can't seem to load the app recently at all. Update (Oct 2019) still can't load it..
You cant use this application if you are using the samsung s20+, try to click Brand then no brand will show, it shows that error. Apllication needs update for the latest mobile phones.
why does the updated version (July 14) keep stopping? even after I restart the phone, it still doesn't work..
Always satisfied with the products and services offered..
Pretty solid app. One thing to improve upon is the tracking of your returns parcels and refunds..
very Good experience. All the items are original. Returns, if necessary are seamless. Many enticing promotions every day.
Everytime i open the app, i must enable the mobile data instead of wifi. Or else it would not reload. Once everything reloaded, i hv to switch to wifi and everything wld b ok after that. Is that a bug?.
The best shopping apps. I can easily order, return and make change order. Easy to use, good interface.
I love the options, but the shopping experience.. god.. its always loading, i even need to close and re open the app just to see my cart. Please fix it, i just wanna shop..
Best online clothing app! I like how it's easy to navigate and besides that, all the products are top quality 👌.
Please add a "Seller Note" function upon checkout for buyer to remind or inform anything to the seller related to the order. While, "Review" function also should be included in the app....
it sucks right now because of the latest update... it works fine and now after the update i cant even open the app... i regret updating this app... hope youll fix it asap.
What's the problem. The apps not working since yesterday. Can't even log in and browse.
Zalora has the best service offered in my experience to online shopping. From delivery, iv ordered my item, Saturday, and it arrived on monday. Take note, im not from Metro, so it really amazes me. When it comes to packaging, it also has the best packaging. My item is so small but it came from a big box. Plus ang daming bubble wrap 😊 Really, di tinipid. 😁😁 Good job zalora. 👍.
had multiple good experiences shopping on this app. it's the best with all the no questions return within 30 days..
customer friendly, fast, and quality online shop with very generous discounts.
So far it's good but there should be an option for reviewing what you purchased. I mean how am I suppose to know how the certain item I want looks the same as the picture?.
Satisfied. Suggesting to have kids section as well. Very much trustable and covenient. Worth to purchase. Material quality awesome..
App wont open, stuck on Z logo for days. Tried reinstalling it but is still not working. Its not as useful as it was before..
Often unable to open. Just stuck at the opening page. Unable to load.
Error when running the app "we encountered a small problem with fetching data".
they make it so hard to unsubscribe. so annoying. ive uninstalled the app, and when i click on unsubscribe in my email, it brings me back to app store.
This app doesn't work on the latest Galaxy Note 10 plus. I wanted to buy clothes for my wife and it doesn't work. Please fix it..
its so annoying that when we clicked the discount page all into 1 pages can not be like before we can only see what we want by decided into some part if we only want to see certain things.
Unable to change the language in the app. Annoying. Thumbs down for the new home layout..
the app is stuck at the initial load page for the past 6 months. i use a huawei honor 8. Do something or u've lost a customer..
Easy to find cute things about fashion in Zalora. Easy and comfortable to shopping here. I love it..
It's so easy and I really get good deals. I love shopping with Zalora..
The app run smooth and good. It took time for getting used to it. But overall is good..
Love the fact that the items can be returned if one is not satisfied with the quality or for whatever reason. Also, the express delivery is amazing. Thank you Zalora.
Easy to use e-shop app BUT recently it took too long (abt 3 mins) to load my searches. It gets frustrating over time..
i think the order tracker page is better on the previous version. it's better to know where your packages at in a detailed information.
Its not 30% discount if there's a maximum discount of P1000.
What I like from this shopping..Can refund and exchange 👍👍👍👍👍👍👍.
The app is nice for browsing but the "My Orders" details is way too brief..
The problem still there cannot open "encountered a small problem with fetching data" fix it please..
There's a bug when I check my bag. I cant checkout. Update: Bug was fixed immediately! Yay!.
No one is responding in my email, and your FB Messenger always states no available person to assist me. I already paid my order. I've been waiting for almost a month but until now it's not with me. What happened to customer service here?.
I love zalora in general, but I notice that the application is consuming so much data as compared to other shopping apps..
This app works really smooth,no disturbing ads. I have nothing to complaint! A happy user:).
Easy to navigate and offer many promos. Thank you Zalora! 😊.
Love using this app for shopping.
allow us to rate the clothes we bought so we could warn others if the clothes are suitable for what, the material, the comforts and if the material is actually see-through while the picture doesn't show so..
I love this app whenever I want to buy something, they delivered on time. 😊 Thank you Zalora!.
BEST online shopping platform! LOTS of sales and discounts and delivery is fast and easy.
Whenever I tried to open the app, it always encounter some problems. Please fix it, thank you..
ease of use, interactive user interface and easy to do purchase, overall satisfied.
Good apps. All collection is good. I hope there is always 30 days return facility..
Nice app, lots of discount, but prone to crash during discount period.
Been ordering for how many years now..Super love this app..very convenient and items are in good quality..U get what u expect..❤.
Easy to use and has a fast delivery. Items are of good quality. Kudos!.
Apps is good, too user friendly and convenient. But unlike other shopping app you can see comments for the items thier purchase. delivery takes time too..
Hi Zalora, I couldn't cancel my order even though I attempted many times on hitting the 'Cancel Items' button in desktop version. The site didn't give any response after I hitted the button and after I refresh the site, the order I attempted to cancel was still there. Furthermore, the 'cancel items' function is not available on apps which made the situation worse. Please handle this asap. Thank you so much..
It's easy to use and the prices are affordable ! I totally loved it 😍.
I like the discounts and appreciate the refundable system, but ... please improve the detail size of clothes, several times I received too small blouses. Thanks..
One of the best experience in buying goods online. Smooth transaction, fast delivery and the goods are authentic and packed in a very decent way. I am very happy!.
The new update must have bugs, it keeps being forced to close. I might uninstall this app if this continues..
Used to be good but now Return option is no longer available.
Authentic products. All original. Well described products/items and proper sizing chart for easy fitting. Easy return and refund processing..
If I tap unsubscribe, it will direct me to Google play to install this app.. how can I unsubscribe? Zalora's been flooding my email..i want to get rid of it..🙁 Can someone help me to unsubscribe to Zalora's emails? please help!.
Good platform for fashionista, easy to use, trusted....
It's useless for me since I live in Taiwan and there is no English version.
great shopping app.
very reliable and easy to use...i enjoy my shopping thru this app and everything in it looks so nice and inviting to buy...thanks and more power Zalora App...😊.
App is amazing, no issues so far.. But since the latest update.. I am not able to share any product via Whatsapp or other media.. ☹️.
very useful and convenient easy to use and fast delivery..
App is not opening. I have tried downloading again but still doesn't work. 😥.
I tried checking out but it doesn't push through. Tried it over and over again for almost 10 minutes but still the same result..
I really enjoy shopping here but when i updated the app i have difficulty loading the videos..so dissappointed..i prefer the pervious version.
Items descriptiin and style is most of the time, what was delivered 👍.
Great platform to shop. It would be great if sellers remove items that are sold out or not in stock..
It never fails. Thanks..
High quality item. Good delivery lead time. Excellent..
Zalora app always has the same issue on the most simple thing.. which is u cant even open the app.
Best fashion shopping app. Very tidy, simple and professional. Shipment is processed immediately even on weekends..
Very poor customer service. The chatbot in messenger is always unavailable. My order was also modified when they sent the details in my email..
It would be more awesome, if this app is showing the process for expedition from the beginning untill received by receiver at the place.
I love this app!! so efficient and so fast. really really good and impressed.
This application provides a lot of variety of clothing lines and essentials..
great app and easy to used,satisfied with the shopping!!thanks zalora to make my life easier to shopping!.
Bloody hell loading took lifetime.
Hello,i think its be more better if you add another options of payment.me as customer suggest you to add molpay as another way to pay.
I loved this online shopping app. It offers many vouchers which you can use to get discount in a specific products like adidas and nike..
Search not editable.. if you want to search it back you have to type it back..
Whats the use of unsubscribe option if the link automatically directs to another affiliate application? I wish to unsubscribe since my inbox has been constantly flooded by ads, newsletters, etc. but the contacts link Zalora has in their site never works. Poor customer service. What a scam!.
It's been a week that my package haven't been picked up after my return information was accepted by Zalora. I have contacted the administrator, but it seems nothing happened better furthermore. I think Zalora can't be able to give such a feature like return facility if Zalora cannot fulfil the responsibility properly. Please be very concerned about this!.
Unable to check out items. Stuck with delivery option. App is not responding..
this is the first time i am using zalora and i've had a bad experiemce already. i got this php350 off promotion for signing up and i cant even use it. everytime i try to apply it on checkout for the product that i really love, it always gives an error to try again next time. i've tried quite a few times but still nothing. i reached out tocust service thru emall coz i cant find the live chat button they are saying i can find in the app or the site. i havent gotten any resolution from them yet..
It is a good app for searching what I want to be styling all day. I really recommend this app for you who wanna be stylish..
Click via email, then it leads to this app to install. I dont want to install, why can't i just click the email link, & jusy browse thru first? Too many apps to install..
Unable to browse and shop with Size filters on since latest update..
Its like your own personal mall. I love almost all selections!.
got spammed with your e commerce every moment, clicked into the link to unsubscribe but there is no way to terminate it. My email isn't register as the member too. Please assist to stop the advertising email, thank you..
Worst customer experience. I am unable to track my parcel via in-app and I tried reaching out via chats and FB PM to their Customer Service Team seems to be of non-existent! Help me anyone? Update: Still no resolution after a week..
The app said i have no connection, but my wifi is working fine.
My first time using this app is for buying adidas mini bag. Everything went well, and I received the bag in 2 days time. Awesome..
love this app. shopping should be easier and quicker. cant remember how many times i shop thru this app 😂.
The Delivery is fast and convenient! Thumbs up for that. The items are superb!.
App keep crashing every 2 to 3 minutes. Can't shop properly at all..
I love it but i cannot press the main page for all the promotion pages. why so???.
Hi zalora . I have problem after update . Its cant play video fashion of shirt when I click on it. Before this the video can play but after updated its not function. Please help me TQ.
Loyal fan for YEARS!!!!! Stil Am.. Such a great online platform!!.. wish i could work here too!!!!⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐.
Been buying from Zalora (with my other email) for years now. Love it cuz it's quick and efficient..
LOVE IT!!! 😍😍😍same on the picture and the actual product!.
The app so slow to log in since the last updated on Feb 2019. Just suck waiting and the page that cannot log in..
Added more original stuff that will be great for now its kinda great but if adding more brand that hard to find nowaday its perfect apps...
Good app, original product and fast shipping. The only minus is my product come with a different colours. Very dissapointed. ..
Very Nice product.
great app and promo's.
I can't go to my bag just keep loading!! then saying SKU not found?? Pls. Fix it I have Items I want to check out..
used to be my favorite apps but now it has lots of bugging problem.
WORST ONLINE SHOPPING EXPERIENCE! The app didn't even say that my address is not supported by the courrier instead it said BOB_TRACKING_STATUS. I wasted my time waiting when I could have bought clothes when I went to the city! I don't think I will be ordering any time soon. Such a disappointment!.
I love the filter! Easy to narrow down my search!.
Been trying to unsubscribe from the thousands of email Zalora it sends out but it doesnt. The like in the email to unsubscribe open up the app download. Please fix it.
This Apps still have more rooms for improvement esp it's "Filter" functions.
there's so many items to browse for and the navigations were easy to use !.
Still sending me email promo even if I already unsubscribe several times. Uninstalled the app but still sending me emails..
Convenient and you never have to worry about the quality!.
can you change the order tracking page back to its old format. i think it is more efficient that way. thank you.
Happy shopping with Zalora, fast and trackable delivery plus easy and convenient process of return..
The latest update was bad. It's really hard to search products..
Easy to use, vast option of products, interesting promo, secure payments and delivery. Keep up the good work!.
Fast Process, Easy to use, Original items, everything is fine except we cant see review from another customer :).
Almost, always, accurate with ETA for purchased products! 🤩.
its been a while i buy from ur store.. open the app but always loading n stuck.. Dont know what make this app take so much resources.. cant find anything with slowest apps.. uninstall..
Love the search using pictures function..so easy to find the styles that we are looking for.
I love this app so much. So easy to find the item that I wanna buy and the filter section help me alot thanks!❤❤❤.
Great bargains to be had. They also send discount codes from time to time..
App's refund/exchange page is having problem loading, unable to submit an exchange request..
I can't select CollectCo as my delivery option if I booked through Shopback or Boost, it seems to defeat the purpose of engaging with them then. Others are ok..
it good app but i can't checkout if i want to buy something i need open website version in browser. Check your checkout system zalora..
The apps is good, but the quality from merchant that zalora helped to sell is not good. Selling things thats has been used. Not new. Items is not cheap..
its harder to search now. unlike before when it automatically sort men from women's apparel.
The good thing about this app are sell original one and easy to find xs size. But some brands are overrated for the quality. I bought once zalora basic parka, and the button unattached in day 2, another button unattached in day 3, and cant be refund bcs the tag already put off. The problem is the button were not sewing button, but metal button. So I'm saying that it's a bit gambling to find good quality here, but since I also often buy another brands here and found ok, so 3 stars..
I love this zalora apps been using for almost 7 years. So many brand they have here. Very simple and easy to check out..
Unable to login anymore, take forever to load. Please fix the problem..
the sizes are bigger than the actual size and the colour look way better on the picture!!.
It easy to look for item according to our preferences. Very efficient..
Excellent items with affordable prices. I so love it..
very good navigation and is user friendly! good app experience for online shoppers..
Excellent selection of brands though recently I'm having a lot of problem accessing the app. It just not loading..
After the recent update, the app does not load. Stuck at the Z page.
Updated the apps. However, i am unable to open the apps. Uninstalled & Resinstalled the apps but issue still insisted..
User-friendly, promo vouchers are worth it. Overall an enjoyable shopping platform..
Good online shopping experience, so far so good, no issues for me..
This app is good helps me to shopping through online. And the quality is very nice compare with the materials.
Very user friendly.
Everytime i search up something, few seconds later its says no internet connection..
application keeps not responding during checkout process, even after update and reinstall, please fix it..
An easy way to shop. But, since last night both the web or its application cannot be accessed.
Products are good but a bit pricey. Customer service sucks. I prefer if they ship via lbc because they are reliable and courteous. Now they have their own couriers which should be good but the messengers are annoying and just arrive unannounced, keep on calling because they will not wait for 15 minutes. Another thing, the updated app is not user friendly. Ugly Ui.
Great. Instructions were clearly stated and organized. Vouchers were also available..
Very fast delivery, authentic items and big discounts. Thank you so much. Keep this up..
Tried to find pants but many of the choices dont have length size which is the most relevant info. Giving me the height of the model and what size (s,m,l) doesnt help me make my decision. Some products even have their details tab emptied. Hope Zalora can add a "ask a question about this product" option at least we can raise our doubts for particular product.
Best shopping apps. 👍.
Error mismatch certificate hostname when try to exchange & return. I'm using android.. Please help fix it..
Nice products. More convenient than going to store and offers great discounts..
Great apps and good deals! Highly recommended.
My experience with the app is HORRIBLE! It takes forever to load images. Uninstalled 👎.
It takes way too long to load when checking out and the delivery options are not showing, i tried to update but nothing happened.
Love the discounts and the brands. Easy to shop.
great app.... the clothes all came in good conditions Now i know where to shop for clothes❤.
After updating this app, i can't use it.it always says error in fetching data.it is so troublesome.hope u can see matters into it.thank you.
Easy and fun.
nice app,easy to shop.
Its so sluggish... You still need to improve on the ui... Compared to other e commerce apps there are lot of aspects you need to improved.
is it just me or the filters don't really work....
Loads mega slowly even on fast Internet connection. Web browser so much faster.
Your password reset on mobile is ridiculous. TELL YOUR IT THAT IT STAYS ON PASSWORD RESET LOOP..
Easy to use app. Fast delivery and responsive customer service.
Dissapointed, i cannot even call the costumer service and receive a reply back on the chat! POOR costumer service! I will never shop again! Delivery date where not able to follow! I didnt receive my order yet! Its been 3weeks upon purchasing it..
Their products are 100% authentic! I recommend this shop and the delivery was also fast :) They always send you updates upon your order and that's one thing i also liked from their store. Superb!.
good with cash back, updated tracking of good sold and return, easy to use.
I love this app. It lets me shop quality branded products. Very convenient when you don't want to go out all the time..
Had too many issues during payment (problem processing, stalling at checkout) to be bothered to use this app again..
dresses are of good quality,size is perfect and delivery is on time..
Amazing app. I love the brands... and never fails me the quality of the items....
Can't even check out, it keep loading then just froze into white blank..
Take long time to load to Home page.... can't delete items at the 'Add to bag' session...👎.
A very good apps for online shopping. User friendly 👍.
very effecient and fast delivery. The items are surely authentic..
Great app, though having a brand like Uniqlo would make it so much better for my shopping wants and needs..
I used to love this app. But whe I updated this and tried to check out my orders, they requested to change my address because unfortunately our province is not available for deliveries..
So far, my online shopping experience in Zalora is going smoothly..
I love zalora so much but it would be great if the wishlist items don't return to the first one after I view the other wishlist items.
Heats up my phone after the major update. Battery drains super fast when using the app because of that.
1 star for the amount of money I spend on this app :( 5 stars for everything else like the variety of items and range of brands, fast delivery, promos, and hassle free transaction :D.
I buy items and re-sell it, since 2015.. highly recommended! I love Zalora!.
recently i opened the app again and it keeps closing like no matter how much i restart the app it would always closed, please fix this or else i might not gonna shop here again.
App is good but lacks of features. Like user reviews. And the item sorting is not that great. features like lazada is more convenient. But what I love about zalora is it has it's own shipping.
can't unsubscribe from mailing list. keeps redirecting me here..
I cant install the app in my note 9. Dunno what happend. Try so many times but still not working.
tracking shipping status incorrect time.
Great product! But sizes of some products are inaccurate like shirts..
Generally is good n clear. But sometimes confuse on the promotions code I.e. 20/25% when check out..
I'm not able to proceed if I opt for collect co option for my delivery.. it just keep loading.. please assist to fix this and provide an update.
Really great fashion accessories with great quality and affordable prices..
Even using wifi, still tap to retry..
The app really helps me to keep track to the trends and helps find great deals and gifts for my love ones..
Good app with good product. But it will be great if the products keep renewing.
A very elegant app design, similar to European and American fashion app plus easy to use.
The app should work on providing international shipping with providing annual express shipping package, other than that i just love it.
How to unsubscribe from receiving emails?? Click on the unsubscribe link but it brings me here? Is it to install your apps then only can unsubscribe? Really annoying. Need to report this to the authority as cheating..
The app works great again after my last post. And it would be great if they sell the same clothes, shoes as the same as the other Zalora in other country. Indonesia's clothes aren't that good. But the app so far so good.
More on selected styles promos.., no other promos to choose for. we cant explore to other product less variety for discounts..
Its good app overall. But need to add more items for baby accessories and wears..
App developers still have not improved app based on previous suggestions. Sadly, free shipping is no longer free even when reaching the minimum spend.
Bad costumer service, only can talk with talking point without solving the problem.
Your delivery partner Entrego is very slow. Your customer service doesn't reply both email and chat (FB)(Waited 3 days). I don't know what happened to my order anymore bec. the tracking page is not even working. I tried chatting through your page and waited so long only to be disconnected and went back to the queue. Your "Help Topics" is not even helping bec. it seems like it's not updated or anything. First time using this app and I'm already disappointed. NOT GOING TO ORDER AGAIN!!.
I can't open my Zalora apps, I hope you can fix this, thank you. :).
Hello please update the app, the track order button is not there. You mentioned in video that there are button to track order, but in reality there arent any button..
good apps, but why I can't track my orders. pls needs to fix it on next update. my device samsung S9 android pie.
ZALORA TEAM!! Your app are sucks. My wishlist couldn't run smoothly.
Its easy to use....and there always have the latest design .....
The exchange item took soooo long!!!! I haven't received it yet and I kept on following up the customer service but they only told me that they will prioritize but I havent received any feedback. Poor customer service!!!!.
Secure, fast, informative, easy return, competitive price.
Been trying to download this app it just won't go through while my internet can download other apps this one is impossible..
Very good first impression... hoping for consistency..
Couldn't play the video of the displayed clothing after updating it..
Best shopping app for me..
Their refund system is a scam! I have a refund due through bank transfer and they still haven't processed it by now. I've already emailed their customer service and my bank and both of them are giving me inconsistent answers. I don't know if they think that us customers don't track our money through bank transfer or what. I just hate to think about how they keep getting rich through pocketing people's money..
Zalora app keep having difficulty login since the past 2 days... Even if you hv sale, i also cant acess.
I always love shopping clothes here. Always reliable and shipping plus delivery is fast! I love their boxes too hahahaha.
Sometimes the app has glitches and too many updates to download for every promotion but otherwise fine👌.
app only loads several times. the rest of the times it does not.
The app keep closing on its own. Please fix this..
you have so many collection for all your product.. good app for busy people when looking some good fashion item.
Hi Zalora, I can't open the app anymore after i order. I even uninstalled the app but its till the same it always crashed. Fix it please..
can we have a save photo option for future references of our wanted to buy?.
I love this app so so much ! The delivery service is quite good..
I love Zalora. Easy to use and convenient to shop online..
The items favorited in my mobile app doesn't sync in the website and vice versa. Please fix..
The app is not working on my Huawei Mate 20 Pro now, used to be fine.
Why i cant open zalora from my phone samsung S9? After being updated, the apps is not function as its show a blank page...
Good and best online shopping i've experienced ❤️❤️.
Its an incredible shopping experience here. i couldnt be more satisfied.
Super duper slow to open the app. Fix this issue..
Can't play videos... Was working fine previously..
Zalora is one of the best online shop where I can shop without any hassle and very convenient to transact with and not to mention that they always have this discount. Thanks Zalora for the great services as always!.
Reliable company. My one and only online store app. Processing and delivery system also efficient. Although unlike before (years ago), reimbursement takes a longer time now. Sometimes with the deliveries, too. But in general, with some patience, I am happy with Zalora. Thank you..
So far so good no problem on all my transactions.
Good quality products and frequent sales with huge discounts ;).
Maybe latter when I have purchase, but as of now..
~Satisfied customer~ Shopping has been easy and convenient with this app. 2 thumbs up 👍👍.
Had to scroll back to the top to get to the filters bar. Kindly improve this feature..
This app got tons of ad. It shows on ur screen even when locked.
I can't use/open the apps after updated. I've tried to re-install a few times..
Most of the stuff they sell has very bad quality and very overpriced!! I recommend you try out the clothing app yesstyle instead of this horrible app because theirs is way more affordable and you can see if the product is good or not based on the review which zalora doesn't have😑.
I want to return an item but the pick up option is not working. I already asked assistance from their customer service but still nothing happened. I tried the drop off option. It works but when I went to LBC, they refused to accept my parcel..
Search function error after update.. 5 stars for the older version.. Fixed...
Promo code suddenly cannot be used when it's still valid on the site......
Overall its good, but keep repairing the updated shipping service at any time.
Cannot copy paste tracking number. Entered tracking number manually on courier page, no tracking details lol.
please bring in more floral fashion clothes and affordable one.. all i see is just plain clothes. not satisfied.
So easy to navigate and offers a lot of great deals.
New update makes it hard to find items, the old ones is better.
One of the best platform! The products are original, the delivery service is the best!.
Awesome. The Best of The Best Fashion Shopping, Original Product and The Best Quality Product.👍👍👍👍👍 Most Recommended.😍.
i can't run the app after the last update. it always keep "force stop". so bad, so sad also :(.
I cant view the image of item always loading...even we have a good signal.
My first time on shopping online was amazing! They deliver so fast with free shipping and items are affordable price. Thumbs up! (Y).
i like what you did with My Orders where I can see the different items I bought at a glance BUT HATE your new tracking view!.
Cause of the latest update, the app isn't working on Android.
One of the best online shopping application.. with original & best quality products.. love it...
The best experience, nice and easy feature, super fast delivery..
Very hard to access page after latest update, need very long time only response.
The selection of clothing on the site is good. On top of that, the ease of returns/refunds is excellent (I especially appreciate the reusable delivery bag and pos laju/ninjavan pre-filled labels) with clear instructions and prompt customer service..
Awesome app, makes me comfortable to shopping in this app. Thankyou!.
best shopping app! Brands are legit and always in good condition..
Zalora lover for a decade now. 90% of my wardrobe mostly dresses were from them. I am always satisfied of my purchases..
It's always got issue, I cant open the app very often.
Zalora customer service is very poor! You cannot contact them through phone or chat. They will reason out that their customer service is busy. Instead, they will not entertain you. If you want to purchase some items in Zalora, make sure to use COD. To avoid what happen to me, its more than 2 months and still not deliver my item that I paid through Gcash! Make sure to think before you click..
Love Zalora so much. Great deals and prices, fast shipping and quality products! Keep it up Zalora team!.
Nice to shop in here, original, affordable and easy.. Really recommended.
Im satisfied with the quality of clothes that i purchase for the first time and the delivery is fast and its really worth it..
This appreally helps me finds my new styles and it is so easy to buy my favourites styles.
It's amazing how the app works and the fact that it doesn't accept fake products to sell... I love that all brands tgat I love can be found in this online app ( well not entirely but totally!!!)..
I love this app.i purchased all in good condition and quality so far..
Good enough to shopping at zalora app.
I love Zalora. The riders were polite. Fast delivery. Have on sale... I just love Zalora! The best.
I love how easy it is for me to choose my items. And if the size i want is not available.. i just need to wait... instead of giving up on it..
high quality, and fast delivery, love it so much.
I'm in love with Zalora! All of services was satisfied! Thanks Zalora.ID!.
It always automatically pops up and open after it updates, even if your not using the app.
The Tokopedia application is very helpful during this pandemic, the completeness of the facilities is also good, but it would be great if you could make payments using the Tokopedia balance in Tokopedia, Often errors when I track my delivery in the Tokopedia application, it hasn't been updated for 2 days, after I check the check it turns out the results are different, please correct any errors in the Tokopedia application, i give 4 stars for this aplication..
In the new updates, there is a huge pop up advertising down below the application interface when I scrolling. When I see it, I feel likes I want to close Tokopedia application immediately. Its so disturbing and ruined the experiences. I also still received lots of push notifications when I already deactivated it. Dear Tokopedia developer.. Please fix it. Thank you..
This is my first time installing Tokopedia on my phone. Turns out it automatically mention my old address as I often used for my grab pickup 2 years ago. I mean, WHERE DID IT GET MY DATA FROM? Among all the places I've been to, why is it THAT ADDRESS? Made my first order and the address set to default without any acknowledgement. Now I moved to a new place and the store couldnt even process my cancellation due to such an issue..
The latest version is finally improved in many ways. So many new online shopping features is offered in a single app. However, they still need to improve refund process, specifically refund a purchase using credit card..
Guys, some icon look bad in dark mode. Please improve that. And idk, i dont like feeds page, its not have function for buyers. Maybe can change only to live feeds seller page for promo, etc. Or anything for helps buyer to use what our buy . And i hope i can costom featured page icon..
Tokopedia is my benchmark when using other e-commerce apps because its nice to use, but why I can only view past year order? Bukalapak allow me to see even my first order back in 2017. Also, please improve the searh feature. Sometimes I want to use the same filter when searching other goods, but it's a pain to manually input same filter all over again..
I must admit, they did well to change something that bothered me, well not make ads disappear in wishlist (like i complained) but at least it looks different now so i can enjoy surfing my wishlist. Thanks tokopedia, you're really the best ecommerce in Indonesia..
Among all e-commerce app, I like tokopedia the most. It's quite simple, not too much color in it, and safe. Until now, I have no problem as a buyer as long as we are active with our own purchase. 👍👍👍.
The apps is okay, never encounter any problems when using this app. Appreciate if user can set the type and frequency of the notifications since sometimes it can be very annoying.
I'm logging in. I send SMS the verification code. The number I sent it to is not receiving the code. Please fix this. It worked on my browser, I don't see why it doesn't work on the app..
Since 2 days ago, the app stops working. Repeatedly mentioned about poor internet connection. Please fix this Updated: it is working now. Thank you.
the invoice section ruining my 11.11 shopping agenda!! i couldnt find why my orders were cancelled. i supposed to finished the payment but suddenly it cancelled again! like, 3 times!! even tho my email and mbanking said it was success, this app always cancelled my orders!! PLEASE. FIX. IT. i already lost my money for it!.
The notification channels are basically useless when they're doing absolutely nothing to filter out the garbage notifications from showing up. I want nothing other than seller interactions and order notifications..
Nice updated but less additional voucher prices for COD feature. Maybe you should cut it off more lower price or I suggested for free COD shipping payment because it would be grateful to buyer's!!!.
Always connection timeout in the past two days. Already update the apps, but same problem still occured. I am using home wifi..
Using the application is a good experience. But lately when I tried to update quantities of the item(s) on shopping chart, it always push the view to the top of the page. A bit troublesome to go back and forth if we need to update the next item by scrolling down manually (esp. if you have many items in your basket). Would you fix this?.
after latest upgrade fail to connect to the internet if you like to see a product !!.
Sorry I rate this 1 star. I am so disappointed for the service of this app. This app has been my favourite to buy mobile data, but this app annoys me now. I've never changed my phone number, yet this app said that my phone number is used by a lot of pp so I have to use my second phone number. I am super confused of what happened. And because of this issue, I also can't use my OVO to pay for something. I'll rate this 1 star until you fix the bugs on this app..
First of all, it's 2020. No dark mode? Jeez. Second, scrolling through items on almost every category got really jerky after a few seconds, not pleasant to use at all. Third, there are a lot of irrelevant ads shown on the search page, A LOT, it's irritating. Please remove it or at least show it less frequently. Can "exclude" feature added to the search page? It's hard to find lesser known brand of products when the search results are bombed with popular, which are often, trash products..
A great improvement! But i dont know, i think i just had too many shopping app, so i rarely open this guy right here..
Dark mode, another suggestion I forgot to make a note in one of my purchased item, when done paying, nothing you can do about it. Imagine, a store with 100 purchased and there is one forgot his note, what happen ? one more thing I can't sent a word to you in apps ? okay, minus star seems deserved..
This newest version sucks. Been facing some interface issues within a week: 1. Option to categorise products section is now moved somewhere, where users need to manually select per item. 2. Newly uploaded products does not appear on shop's page. Tokopedia Care's customer service DOES NOT helpful at all. 3. Pop-up notification also does not appear. Users need to manually check their messages. 4. Edited product will be removed from categorised section..
Your newest apps sucks! And there is no online customer service center that could be called. Everything must be done via messenger which doesn't resolve the problem. out of no where I couldn't pay using credit card like usual. The pages freezed and didn't display the details of payment nor the type credit card to be used. When I message your CS, they said nothing wrong with the apps. Not helpful at all.
It's a fun app to shop at. Though often it takes too long to load up..
I can't open my account. App suddenly not working. its keep saying no internet connection or something wrong to Tokopedia's home!! I reinstall it and keep can't open my account and phone number. Who can tell me what happened to my acc?? Fix it!!!!! I'm so upset!!!!!!!.
So disappointed with this app Selling my camera and still my fund got stuck because of buyer didn't give review After 2 days, now i have to waiting another 2 days This app service sucks! Dont recommended for selling app SERIOUSLY.
Imo, tokped is the best e-commerce that I've been used for years. Please keep improving for dark mode, history buyers, and fix the bugs. Thankyou..
overall great, need to improve the help center or customer service which is not user friendly!.
I have no a big issue yet. However, it sometimes gets lag..
For products with varian, please show the main photo instead of the photo of the first product in the varian. It misleads the customers, as one of my customers said she couldn't find my products because she only scroll through the page. The varian only appears when the user clicks the photo, but how would they know if the products have varian inside if they didn't click? Please take a look at 'toko sebelah' on how to show products varian..
Easy to use and good merchandise too also reliable seller!!.
OMG! I'm just so pissed they changed a perfectly fine UI into something horrendous!!!!!!!!!! EVERYTHING CHANGED. Especially the check out page. Why why why would u change ❤️ symbol wishlist into text? Why make everything too big for my phone screen????!!!! MY F*KING EYES HURT WHEN I SEE THE NEW TOPED USER INTERFACE.
Several times I intend to fix buying product offered, but after I put it on shopping basket, I cannot close the purchase, instead I was continuously offered with other products I may like, distracted my attention and I have difficulty to confirm the purchase. Eventually I move to other online app which offer simpler solution to close the purchase..
Tokopedia used to be my go-to marketplace, but it has since implemented many changes which ruin the user experience. For example, the Chat inbox is now filled with useless spam from shops with items in my wishlist/purchase and we cannot disable them permanently, why? I ended up missing out on actual messages from sellers because of all this junk..
Why would you need all those details for a simple improvements on add button? CS needs better product knowledge otherwise they wont ask such question. Also, if your testers ever do testing with LOTS of different products and many quantities, they'll know it's a real pain to do it with this app. Moreover if an order is over the weight limit and you want to know which product you can remove to meet the weight limit. It's difficult without the weight info for each product on the cart page.
As long as using toped, i feel more easy&toped trusted. Hope that toped can select detail a quality of products seller sometimes not suitable with description. Thanks 😉.
The new version blocked me from login, it says i violated by adding/creating software for manipulation, which i dont!!! :( I DONT have any software to manipulate data or anything! The shop's been my business for so long, and Tokopedia accused me of something i never done!.
I can't log in to my account because of those annoying double verification. My phone number is no longer active so I must take picture of my ID card and bank account to update it but it's troublesome because I can't import it directly from my device..
the overall experience is okay, except that you have to upload KTP, Buku tabungan, etc just to change seller account name. Edit : They say you can't change your seller name so you have to register a new one, but with a different handphone number. so if you only have one number you basically can't change seller name..
The app is going better now! Just the coupon or free delivery not really worth it and complicated to use it! I am a gold member and I spent a lot here, but still can't get the "benefits" of this free delivery or the cashback/voucher etc! It's sad :(.
I really like this stuff. it's really helpful that I shop here never regret the custom stuff. and on this application too, we can see a lot of interesting products.
Unopened Notification count on (Q&A)/Diskusi did not disappear after open that notification.
Could you make an option to disable update notifications ? Seriously i got like 5-6 popups a day. Its really disturbing and annoying, as a seller i always thought that i got new orders but it turns out to be just some random news 😓 Also please lessen the ads, it makes me wanna close toped.
Why does the Picture from Buyer button is missing? Suggestion : Enable a folder in Wishlist , so i can categorize each item inside each folder. Example ; Food : Electronic : It would also be much better if there is dark Mode..
I try to make seller account, when the otp code comes i try to input it and there's notification that tells otp is wrong, i try it back over and over and the notification is same again. I'm really sure i don't input some kind of typo but this trouble never change. Disappointed..
Tokopedia 91+ Millions users's data has been leaked last week. Contain Any personal information such as address, phone number, birthdate, etc. Until Tokopedia has compensation or any guarantene regarding this issue, I'll not change this review. Thank you And please don't defense your self by saying password that leaked is encrypted. It's not about password, but all the other personal data is in plain text, canging pasword is easy peasy. Still no compensation. Costumer care no help..
After last update on 22/10/2020 I can't buy anything. After I hit PEMBAYARAN the app loads and says WEB PAGE NOT AVAILABLE. please fix. Will rate back to 5 star after fix..
How do I turn off Beli Langsung please fix this i want to turn it off. Please fix this as soon as possible!!!.
Ads just crossed the line, taking up 2/3 or the screen. Worst idea ever. I hope its worth loosing users over th is placement..
it's so easy to shop with tokopedia also provide so many payment methods.
the refund process is very complicated and convoluted, it's useless to have The motto is worry-free and worry-free, it's useless to have an insurance option, toped has to review this kind of work pattern. It is not suitable for the era of electronic business that demands agility, speed and flexibility..
Don't update! The previous app is in the best version ever. They do update their app frequently but also do that as a field test method instead of lab controlled environment before release the update to public..
Official store filter not working on Samsung J5 (Nougat - 7.1.1).
easy buying, easy payment, good interface, all good.
Love this apps since I can search things that I need in lowest, affordable until the highest price. We can also review the products from other customers experience through their comment..
Wonderful online shopping. I always enjoy it and satisfied.
Very disappointed with the service when things go wrong. One month and still no refund. No way to contact a real person at Tokopedia. The English translation feature is also incomplete..
After the latest update, this app consumes more power, draining my battery faster than the usual. Hmmm.. only give it two stars..
works great! if any dispute, claims are very daunting and often not worth it. but the app works great.
WTH! I can't open any phone dialer, contacts and messages apps with this app installed on my phone and crashed frequently. This is ridicilous! Fix it!.
Come on fix this new version... I added some products to my cart. When I tapped the cart button, My cart still empty.. So I can't buy the products. Older version is better. Please fix this version.. Thankyou tokopedia.
Cant even use the app. Says check your connection, even though my connection works just fine on other apps and even on the website version of tokopedia..
My choice e-commerce platform, easy and intuitive user interface. but still have minor bugs, keep it up 👌🏽.
Ive never seen this apps goes wrong, but sometimes there's so many ads that blocking my path to go to specific pages. Above all this apps is good to use.
I'm totally love Tokopedia so much, every purchase is fast and secure. I never had a problem since the first time. Thank you Tokopedia!.
immediately redirects to certain menus when launched, AND IT IS NOT A F***ING BUG, IT IS INTENTIONAL, so don't tell me to report it to whatever stupid bots waiting for it..
The app is great. You can buy many things using this app and it has the best and easiest system in from all the other apps for shopping in Indonesia. Thx..
easy to use, user friendly, it makes online purchases easier than ever!.
This application sucks... Can't even login into my account... Email done, telephone number was ok... So what's wrong... temporarily I can't login into my account... Gosh!!!.
App is not user friendly. Should also include choice of language such as English, Chinese, Japanese. (so it will be truly INTERNATIONAL) easier for potential buyer who does not understand bahasa indonesia.
This is the second time I uninstall this app due to security consideration. This version (3.90) also override my background data restrictions and turn everything on..
Not bad, but the display is so messy..
Very great application to shop. The UI is good and easy to understand. Overall, top notch.
Valuable things on reasonable price and credible store. Satisfying delivery service. The most recommended shopping app..
Great shopping experience. I've met some bugs when I was going to pay BPJS bill tho, I hope Tokopedia fix them soon..
Create account needs too much verification, also some feature need slow loading and sometimes not working. Please focus on user used not developer used..
Keep this clean UI and easy to use. Other marketplace app are a mess, too much promotion gimmick in their UI, just like a gacha mobile game..
Often running in background, consume more battery. Never happened before. Please fix it.
Once you have problem with the purchases they will keep your money more then 1 week, very louzy service and tend to cheat you.
The visual settings for this app are completely user unfriendly..... Shame cause the e-commerce website is very well done!.
The best payment platform in Indonesia, the application is very good and very easy. Highly recommended!.
it's easy and handy app to do a lot of shopping. it's very practical. anyone can do it. Give it a try, you will never be sorry!.
tokopedia has beautiful UI than the other e-commerce app, comfortable to use.
Bandwith 17.0M, Upload 0.16MB/s, Download 2.13MB/s, Ping 41ms, Jitter 4ms, loss 0%, Date 16/10/2020, 21:52 WIB, Phone: Galaxy grand 2 duos, Android 4.4, kenapa saya mendapatkan "Terjadi kesalahan koneksi, silakan coba lagi" saat mau melakukan pencarian "jam" pada mode guest?.
Dont like this new update.. I cant see my last history less than 2018... Search engine for history is terrible!! I better use another OS.
great e commerce app, easy to go UI, there's a lot of promo too and free delivery service..
almost use it every month for monthly shopping or only "window shopping". also can be reference for price comparison.
The UI is very intuitive and simple. However, it'd be nice to have the option to enable dark mode.. It's 2020. Cmon tokped devs smh...
kenapa sih apps maupun website oops melulu ? transaksi dibatalkan gak jelas langgar s&k apa trus uang refund cuma bisa dipakai setengah utk belanja. what the hell? indonesian developers are idiots. no need for fancy animation, moron. just make sure it's backward compatible !!! incompetent banget.
I dont know why there are many complaints towards this app. In my opinion, tokopedia is one of the safest online shopping platform in Indonesia, I never had any issue with it. In fact, if there were any cancellation or problem occured in my shopping, the system will refund me straightaway. Good job on the team.
This application's good... Easy to use... The best market place.
Some simple advices: avoid promotions with too many terms & conditions. Why is "bebas ongkir" restricted to 10x per month? You give many promotions. On the other hand, you restrict Free Ongkir to only 10x. This is contradictory..
What happened to the feed? It just shows a cactus saying "oops your feed is empty" even though I've followed literally over 50 stores, please fix.
I love Tokopedia and it's best than others because everytime offers so many promotions but i have one request please update the app and Add the English option for foreigners because foreigner can not understand bhasa indonesia. Thanks.
This app is amazing I find stuff that are not able to find in other store highly recommend for people who loves buying things 👍👍👍.
good enough. it's speed on displaying images are good. better than it's rival..
great application for doing online shopping, especially electronic goods..
Mostly good experience, this app is dangerous for your wallet🤣.
Good app easy to use and help to buy goods and something ..
Newest version have too much bug, always have network connection issues..
I have just experienced with bad payment verification of virtual account payment, I never experienced such problem before.
I am a fan of tokopedia. Can you please make the app UI simpler? I mean there are menus scattered everywhere, I got lost many times..
Doesn't have call center , take a long time to verify bank account and to take out the money from tokopedia cash. Canceling order because stupid things. I cant delete my account as well since I need to contact tokopedia care. Not practical and ANNOYING..
Cant connect to app via Telkomsel. Always disconnect now. Other app doesnt have this problem.
After several updates the App is getting better and the UI UX is very nice. Had few bad experience with this app but now they are growing very well..
Very useful apps offering a lot of option to buy product. 1 Dec 2019 - 1 star due to supporting far right extrimism.
Well, TokPed used to be my favorite but you guys are getting left behind by other similar apps especially in UI/UX..
Please fix the text color on pop-up notification . Unreadable on "dark theme".
very easy and nice to shopping with this Apps.
easy to use, fast loading, but some sellers are thieves need to increase security.
too many annoying promo chat from other seller, i'm busy blocking their chat everytime i received it. please also consider user before put too many ads or paid promotion that we're not actually need it..
I am happy using this app as it helps me to find something easily by clicking the things that I want to buy....Thanks Tokopedia.
Very good app ,work so smooth and easy to understand. Keep going on a right way Tokopedia.
No Customer Service that isn't bot. i need a real answer, not answer by bot which is templated Answer from develop only directing to page not found. if there is zero star i will definetly give it to this app.
This app is stealin you personal information and leak your data. I have received tons of scam call and emails because i shoped through this online app previously. If you wana shop using this ap, never ever state and record you Credit Card No and email..
most trusted e-commerce 👍! Doing transaction was easy, great app!.
Nice app for shopping and selling. So far is good and easy to handle it.
Heaps of promos! Free delivery with no any T&C! Keep on it, Tokopedia. Much love❤.
I like this app because in this app i can search what I like, but sometimes i don't really happy because I have to update the app many times... But offer all I like this app.
Hope everything running well, keep try do the best for make partner and customer satisfied. The most important one keep secure customer privacy!.
Can't payment by credit card after update this application and can't open the tokopedia care!!!.
Since the lastest update i cant use Force Dark Mode in my phone for this apps. I thought that the apps has its own dark mode, but there's still no dark mode. Come on!.
Good Application for doing bussiness, easy transaction, and really helpfull.
lookin better, faster than shopee, not best place to get some unique product, need to clean some of bad seller, you can spot easily with strange price duplicating many same product.
Perfect and make everything easy for shopping with the high quality with good seller...👌🏻👍🏻.
Nice apps for shopping ... Extremely good for spending time for choosing the equipment 😊😁👍.
good application , very userful in times of a pandemic and the material is very useful.
This app is very helpful. It help me to find anything . Even it can be used to buy . .i love it 😍.
At the latest version notification of new order for seller do not appear in the first page .. We had double click to find out about our new order....
great app, flexible and efficient payment method..
Hai Tokopedia, thank you so much. Very helpful, easy to use and great apps.
Cool apps. In this time, tokped is so profitable than other big apps (don't want to mention for specific name).
Error.. can't open Wishlist Store, etc... Downloading... what's this!? Please fix it.
Good UI&UX, and so many helpfull features. Great job! 👍👍.
Tokopedia the best solution for all payment. fast process, thanks Tokopedia..
Great Apps for platform digital in this pandemic. Thanks Tokped.
it's a friendly user application only sometimes the network takes too long.
Easy Shopping Lifestyle. You can compare the price from few store without tired walking around. Save time.
recommended to everyone, safe and friendly customer service ,.
This app is very suck. Can't change handphone number cause the verification code no send in my email. So I can't do anything with my money.
Tokopedia is a great transaction online. It makes everything easier. Thank you Tokopedia for helping me in transcating online.
Unable to login using app, but its work from browser.. Fix your apps..!.
excellent online shopping app , you can buy virtually anything here with ease , recommended very good app 👍👍.
Very very slow admin response when there is a problem.
The guarantee in official store page is FAKE. My order was cancelled by official store marketplace yet I haven't got my cashback in registered e-mail until now. It has been more than ten days. (Edit : fixed, so slow).
Great Market Place, suitable for buyers and also good platform for an opportunity to make money..
Very good. During the use of the application, everything went smoothly.
more complete compared to other e-commerces. though it'd be better if we can pay using the wallet.
best user experiences within app, good protection and choices of payment.
very very helpful in the ease of shopping..
Easy and cheap compare with other.
No costumer service is fake. I always get wrong number. Give me no costumer service.
Easy application and worthy. I suggest You to creat another payment methodes by Pulses from all Indonesian providers . May be it would be make student shopping easier. ^___^.
Great application. Some stuffs are cheaper here..
so functionable and easy to use.
Good app, friendly app and the important thing is save.
great place to buy, many discount and promotion.
This aplication helpful for us to buy anything that we need even at home. Thankyou tokopedia.
This is my fav app it's easy to buy and making transaction.
I can't change the city of my address. It won't load the list of the cities..
The item that I bought didn't work. It's broken..
Satisfactory service and system.many more discount hehe.
Nice app and easy to use but i have a cashback coupon but i cant use it plz fix it asap.
Good, often there is cashback, free shipping too. cool, continue to be victorious..
on the prior purchase, the bottle's quality are so bad, linking.
Can't find the app settings to change language to english.
Nice UI, Easy to use, safe.
Perfect... Always satisfied with the service.
Great app to buy anything. Good platform also to buy courses for prakerja.
Okay, so, I just downloaded tokopedia a few hours ago. Register a new account and all things went well. When I'm trying to check out with the voucher (promo) that tokopedia gave me for new users, it said that I violated the terms and conditions stating that I have manipulated its transaction and had a another account. BRUH, I just got into tokopedia TODAY! It's my first time having a tokopedia account :( I'm relieved that my money isn't gone 😟 Please take a look at this problem, thank you..
Good and easy but need more something like free ongkir voucher or promo heheh.
Seriously bot helping center? More complicated than fixing problem.
[Edit] Toped used to be the first app to go to whenever I want to buy something or pay bills, etc, but suddenly I'm unable to use any promo (including free delivery), so it instantly goes to the bottom of my list. I'll just stop using this since Tokopedia care doesn't care nor giving any proper explanation or acceptable solution. New apps keeps popping up. The top one will someday decline, and the new one someday will be at the top..
Easy to use and responsive app, great!.
nice app to buy what you need in Indonesia, you also can be a seller.
love this app, make me easier for shopping from home 💜🤍.
I add one star as my credit card limit has been returned after a canceled purchase..
Great app, very easy to use and very helpful⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐.
Good Apps, Fast Buying, and Easy to Use.
Best place to find (almost) everything you want and need.
Amazing app with its ease of access, thank you Tokopedia.
Semua lancar, UI juga easily accesible. Great app..
The best online shopping pokoknya! Mantap!.
5 stars if Home button can be accessible from any page..
Used to be great with discount vouchers, now they hold little value. The app becomes really annoying by directing users to whatever page they want to promote everytime it is opened. To top it off, now sellers can abuse consumers by sending promo via chat. Lastly, customer support is pretty much non existent with a representative is impossible to be reached..
Trusted Seller, Friendly application.
This application is so good as the best market place where you fibd all your daily needs..
Rate 1* because the newest version crash every time i open the app, fix this and i'll rate higher..!! I'm using samsung A71 fyi, i think my device met the app requirement.
Very unreliable shopping experience. Item amount always changed on the next page, order was canceled by the system without clear reason, not automatically returned to our bank account, then when it was used for transaction, it was was not considered completed even when the credit was already used. Hopefully the merchant will just move to another marketplace and no need ever to use this app again. No call centre.
new update is very disappointing. my virtual account payment is not verified immediately where usually it was. won't change my rating before it's processed. even I don't find the upload transfer receipt menu anymore (i ordered same day delivery last night so if today's still not processed because of tokopedia's fault, max im just going to give 3 stars for this new update).
Nice market place, many promotion and easy to use.
Best e-commerce app i've been used so far..
I cant add new address anymore. Been try several times with several case but after pressing Save, theres nothing happen, no new address appear. How can i purchase items if i cant add new address?! What can I do is edit my existing address to update my new one, its so anoyying. Also your ads algorithm on product listing is reducing my shopping experience, because it keeps showing same products over and over..
great app!! very help full, easy to use.. thx u so much.
Way too many bugs and incompetent customer services..
It was a good app when you bought from professional sellers. Too many new fake stores and cheaters. Too many sellers don't have stock but mention it only after you buy the product or send you a different variant that you don't necessarily want without informing. Tokopedia Care has become incompetent and useless!!! Goods sent back to the tricky seller who received it but doesn't confirm. Tokopedia doesn't refund. Solution: BUY IN SHOPEE guys don't waist time and money with tokopedia..
Tokopedia is the best online market place for me. I've been using it for any needs for several years now, and it never let me down..
This apps crash on my Phone Android 6, if i want choose payment methode the apps close.
Great app! it helps me a lot.
Good app for selling and shopping, so far so good.
The best and only application, helping people at anytime. thank you.
Quite good, almost done, I hope, I'll get many more of discount and prices chop..
Good apps very reliable, better than Shoppie, and Lazada,...
Thank you so much Tokopedia. Great application!.
Good application and easy to use.
Good app, Reliable and have great free shipping discount.
After I reported a refund problem because my current account failed to top up, it was like being blocked by Tokopedia, is it like this? Because all my wishlits are out of stock & I can't do a search in the search field. Should an application of this size not be complained? I used to complain & my account is still fine, why is it like this now? Please correct my account, before repairing my account I will not give more than 1 star..
I m quite happy with apps except for return goods to seller and for payment refund.
the best platform for shopping every want you need thanks tokopedia.
Interface app nya user friendly, ga terlalu berat juga. Good job tokped..
change icon seriously? you lose your integrity man, it's hard for me to find your app in my phone because you reduce almost 75% of your main identity color.
So slow and very much problem!.
The process for send back credit card limit when the seller cancel the order is too long, compare other e-commerce and the buyer should wait too long for that.
Earlier version was much better. I've never had any problem before. Now that I've updated the latest version, it's very difficult to check my shopping cart. ALWAYS message to check my internet connection / connection error. NOTHING' wrong with the internet. If I cannot check my shopping cart, how can I purchase the goods? It' so frustrating!!!.
last update is broken!!! keep asking me 2 steps security!! fix it A.S.A.P pls... need to buy something here....
I love buying many products via this app, but it became error so many times especially when it occurs internet connection. And I find it so hard to change address, especially to change "kota/kecamatan". I've tried so many times but I still can't change it till now..
This aplication is not usefull at all. I made first account but it couldn't used to buy and voucher always invalid (I follow the term & condition for voucher and payment). And then I made second account hopefully I can buy the product. I followed the term & condition for voucher & payment, and I use new phone number and new payment account. You know? Transaction cancelled by app for violates term & cond with manipulation transaction. My first transaction was cancelled, and that was my last!.
Good Application. Easy to use..
The best online shopping app imo.. Can't wait for the update to enable the Dark Mode...
The app is easy and neat, many sellers 👍🏻.
Always connection timeout.
Can't complete user data (email) already complete all other user data.Mine is 90% but whdn i click on 90% it just got white and back to account page that should be email registration form.Because of that, I cant trade my point for gift coupoun.FIX THAT! Or i 'll never change the star at keep it at 1 star.
Good and friendly aplication.
very fast. easy to use.
Its a good app. But sometimes we want to buy more than one item in same store to have less delivery cost, and it will really help if we can find a store who sell more than one items that we look for..
The application is very comfortable to use, we can search almost anything easily. Various products also available for free delivery and we can filter the store to show official store to reduce worry.
I am forced to do this review. I am a regular Tokopedia user. Suddenly while I am in the app, a review popup appears asking me to give this app a star..
UNCLEAR terms and conditions and only benefits 1 (one) party. DEFECTS in internal systems with data validation. don't want to be repaired. Can not be explained. No solution..
Fast and clean UI..
Fast, easy and reliable..
Easy to use and friendly.
Why u guys change the system of item categories filter to search an item? The option to filter search results by item categories only appears if you use more specific keyword, which i think harder than before..
August 2020 update: SO MANY PROMO SPAMS & CANNOT BLOCK THOSE SPAMS 🤮🤮🤮. Tired of reporting spams. It's probably time to use other shop app. Need a rating for courier services. - Notification should be separated into unwanted and essential (spam vs shipment status or chat messages) I just turn off all notifications..
I notice that this app probably the fastest online shop app because the others are slow responding and often force close cause too heavy. I hope tokopedia keep being this light. Don't add some heavy stuff on apps please. Also it might be the reason why the app so light and fast, but please if we have to download some other parts, show us the progress so at least we know whether it takes a long time or not..
This is second time I scammed by this app, first my stuff never arrive, and now they cancel my purchase with the code they give and blame me for violating the rule and proceed to take my money anyway, I try to find solution but there is no solution,.
great application and easy to use.
This application is suck and loading too long, and the display always dejavu too (repeat and back again and again). This application can add by itself the quantity of goods, so you must be careful when making payments.. We can't see the weight of goods too like the old application. Please fix this application!!!!.
the UI is complicated. it's giving me hard time to work around unlike shopee's UI. Dont like the feature where you CANT delete your own account. I need to get into my app's login page to update that my phone number is inactive? The why can't I find It & Rlly? OVO? Out of all things. Ovo?? I dont use that BS. Go-pay or dana's friendly. What? You're going to tell me "your account is safe with us"?? NO I DONT WANT MY OLD ACCOUNT I WANT IT GONE THERE'S MONEY IN MY NEW ONE AND I NEED IT BACK ASAP..
Various payment options made it easy to order, also status of our orders are notified each time, so easy to track. Super app to buy just about anything. However, the app itself is too crowded, too many irrelevant products on the homepage. Thus, I always use the Search functions instead of browsing through; I jusy wish it's more personalized..
this apps is really helps me to shopping all i needs, and very practic without leaving my house.
Hello. Good app but, if your demand goes down, calm down. Too many ad spams that I've encountered such as on YT, Instagram, or TV. So annoying and wasting time. Why don't you make an objective solutions about what customers need, not just promotions and promotions like an amateur companies when need money. Regards, Customer..
Good Application for us and very simple.
It's really useful and greath app for buy many items.
easy to use but need more detail product info.
Good app at previous weeks. At last 4 days back I should to stress to find many issues of your app. Failed to load, keep try, lost of connection, processing of payment (home credit) difficult to process by clicking several time of "AJUKAN". once its successful the follow the registration then finally should to clik "Kirim" as this was a final process but it was back again has to click "Kirim" again & again more than 20 times. Many others issues but its to much to displaying here. So bad!!!.
Spam app, even if you turn everything off in the settings they will still bombard you with spam messages. They even let shops spam you in your private chat inbox lol. You can turn this off only after you got spammed but you need to do it one by one after some random shops spam you with random offers. No button to opt-out of all spams. Maybe it's really made to spam its customers, who knows. And as expected they will give the link to report, and we all know that won't change anything lol..
Too muchh updated in just one week. I have updated the app twice only a week.
It used to be a good marketplace. When official store and power merchant really makes significant difference with 'ordinary' seller in term of customer satisfaction. Currently, it's full of: 1. Counterfeit seller who claimed their products original with many twisting words 2. Seller who response they have the item you're asking for, send the wrong one, and ask buyer to pay the return shipping fee. This kind of seller will bring this marketplace down. Them? They just move to other marketplace..
I'm using Samsung Note 9, lately the app hasn't been responding well. I can't share product link, the recommendations feed did not refreshed well, sometimes it's not properly displayed. I had to use the lite version but I can't top up my e-money using lite version. Please fix so i can use the app again. Thank you...
I hate being forced into using the app and deal with the obnoxious notifications just to use my coupons. On top of that, it's pretty obvious that the devs intentionally removed some features like "feed" on the web page so that more people use the app. Just stop. I'm going to uninstall right after I use my coupon..
Worked nicely when I installed for first time don't remember how many years a go ... but the app get fatter with features I don't need and took long time to load all fancy views and ads I don't want to know. Can you create the lite version for practical shopper like me who open-search-buy-close in less than two minutes? I am considering deleting the mobile app and shop via desktop..
I dunno how to describe this. But the interface of app is error frequently. Usually happen if im open the review / description of the goods. It's laggy and freezing (i can't moving / scrolling) pls fix it. It happen when im updating new OS (Android 9 MIUI 11). This apps is good that have very much electronic quality product. But if this happen buggy happen, i cant do anything..
Works fine and keeps everything practice.
simple transaction, fast services.
Many improvement alot on connection issues. But i miss the simplicity of old lay out dont change the lay out too much at one time.nearly use this app everyday for deals and paying bills.its a good thing to have inapps promotion and thing but what customers need is a secure feeling and not wasting time and money when transactions go wrong. Its okay to lose some money on customers side but time is not something you can compensate.customers side do not fairly seated.
Updating my review per my last experience with Tokopedia. The customer care is really responsive to my complaints. And the problem with rating things are resolved. The features are good enough. Hope it can be improved in the near future..
Very good and simple shopping.
The app becomes laggy, it takes forever to load. Even now after updates, the app seems unable to load properly. Sort-by and filter function are malfunctioned. Better to resolve these problem soon Tokopedia! Even for Tokopedia Care/pusat bantuan, you need to download it first which never ever completed. Lowering the 🌟 rating.
This application is good, easy to buy something. But when i want to verification my information something wrong always happen..
Newest version sucks. In my experience, I can't pay with Bank Syariah Mandiri anymore. We can't flexibly choose courier & payment method everytime we want to buy something. Yeah it's fast, but it is not flexible. And I don't need a fast transaction man, this is not a stock market..
The more you give cashback, freeongkir, etc. The more warga +62 shoping. Jangan pelit.
So many times force close for the newest update.
Easy to use and many promos.
15 July 2020.. Tonight i just updated the application. I search my product on app as usual. My product search listing looks fine, But it looks some menu missing on the top side. I can't do filtering my product list anymore. When i open the toped app, then switched to another apps, then swtiched back to toped apps, the apps won't respond any command, then appear notification that "no internet acess" eventhough my wifi or cellular data works fine. Please, fix this update app bug..
Why I cannot find "kecamatan" when I want to edit address ?.
I'm sorry, but still no landscape compatibility for tablet. I'm so dissapointed..
It is fricking slow to open this app, I think it prioritizes the visual and interface which in fact slowing the buyer's priority to access the product and go into the checkout process harder. I only opened this app if certain stores choose this marketplace as the one and only, otherwise I won't even bother to open it.....
Great app. Easy to use, not only for online shopping with competitive price, but also online payment of utilities (electricity, telephone, cable TV, bpjs, etc). It is also very safe to use as per my experience so far..
easy to use, informative.
Not user friendly at all. Frustrating to fully create an account(having the ability to create an account on an email OR a phone number allowing you to accidently create 2 seperate accounts). And it's such a hassle to report a problem. This is a really terrible app made by horrible and terrible developers.
Can't use this app on my redmi 2 since it insists on updating or closing the app. The updated app is waaay too heavy for said phone, I can't even open it. On my newer phone, it slides itself to other pages I don't want to see. It also insists on updating or closing too. Bad update series..
Changed screens so that choosing alternative payment method and shipping are in one little box. Confusing and annoying. Please change to two separate forms. Also, where is English language? Please change so that it is like the webpage which is much easier to use. Thanks.
This is very disappointing, because I'd love to shop with tokped, but everytime there is a flash sale or ongoing event like tokopediaxnyam, i can not open at all, it's like loading and then refresh to home page all over again, I'd like to buy but it seems i cannot buy anything at all. Please advise how to work this matter..
Tbh, it used to be the best ecommerce app I've been using. Today i tried to put stuff on my cart and this app keep crashing and stopping, So I uninstall then install it all over again, yet the problem still there, i couldnt get the stuff to my cart and the app keeps stopping. Please kindly address the problem. Thankyou.
Most of the product and service that they sell were in very competitive and cheapest price but when i'm experiencing some problem with the promo/transaction, the response sucks. Never info us the call center/customer service number that they have, the live chat / chat bot always repeating themselves and don't understand about our problem. The twitter also nover replied my tweet. Please upgrade your service tokopedia so the customer having better experience with you when they having the problem..
worst CS and confusing complaint section. 👎.
Really good online store, the app has become less lag now. The payment system super covinient. Still the constant notifications about useless offer is kinda annoying tho..
It keeps lagging every time I opened up the app.. it tooks a minute to move from a page to anothe page. It's really frustrating. I want to uninstall it but still have an unfinished transaction. I would never use this app again. Other platform is better..
Overall good, but if you want your money back when u cancel your order it's hard to get it and give me anxiety.
Dear tokopedia. Sorry for giving you one star. It is difficult to choose the payment method. My connection was good, but the transaction suddenly stopped at the third step when I want to choose payment method. I hope it can be fixed soon.
V3.84 app constanly disconected from internet after several minute. It shown no internet page. My internet always connected, but i know it's not really stable. I need to restart the app to continue shopping. Might be socket problem. UPDATE It's been fixed. Thanks!.
dont keep cache image on phone internal system, its make application lag.
Good online shopping application. But I meet one notification to update the application often and almost every day but when I just checked the play store I found nothing to upgrade. Already up to date. Do you think it's suspicious? I come here for making a notice for tokopedia, and here to update the application but nothing to upgrade 🤔.
so far so good, i've been using the service for a few years and never disappointed.
So slowly compared to another apk, how to shop anything if can't see anything in this apk? This not related to my internet connection but you need to check why this so weight to load. Thanks.
good choices and good services.
Need English language. Tracking System should be more precise. The system cannot track the proper location/hub after delivering from the seller. Need COD service. Need more bank payment method. But great and detailed user interface. Easy to use. Not flooded with unnecessary information..
I have relied on Tokopedia to obtain from cheap and mundane items to pricy gadgets that need extra care in handling and shipping. I am satisfied (so far) with its choice of stores, couriers, user-friendly design and system. Sometimes, Tokopedia issues coupons that allow you to cut on shipping fees, among others, to the point of free. I have no complain yet and thus have never needed to contact its customer service, so I cannot review on this part. Hopefully it won't need to happen :).
Great application for online shopping.
Actually it is a great Market Place to buy and to sell products. But I think the design team must have a lot of free time, they always change the "already good" layout and make it even worse and more confusing. We have to spend more time ordering products, it makes me wonder, why is the new layout even more unpractical. I am giving you 1 star to make you guys bring the previous layout back and stop making a new one.
this app are very helping me to find the item what I need, easy to use yet safety for payment. so often give cashback, but this day, the often give a big cashback to new user, hope they can do that to old user too, but overall I enjoy and comfort use this app.
The UI and UX is really good, simple and easy to use. However, latest update renders the application useless. I can't chat the seller or buy anything at all with the same dumb notification "Terjadi kesalahan. Mohon diulangi kembali". Tried uninstalling and clearing cache still to no use..
Latest update is terrible, I couldn't even make a purchase, and after the payment failed, I have to log in again? I wish I never updated to this version.
Pro: Clear & easy navigations. stable app. Wide array of selections and reliable sellers. Con: Could not find english language support in mobile app, which might make people to switch to website to be able to use 'translate to english' option..
If you have trouble on your transactions, it took decades for them to response it. Not really recommended, a very bad app..
Ntah ini emg fitur baru dri tokopedia or what, but setelah diupdate, sy kehilangan bberapa barang di keranjang. Setiap kali sy memasukkan barang baru dkeranjang, ada barang lain yg keluar. And I forgot the shop's name. Apakah skrg ada limit jumlah barang dlm keranjang?? Come on, people love to put what they like on basket, and checkout later when they finally need that. That's the art of this kind of marketplace. Plz fix this..
This app is one of the apps I open the most. It makes live so much easier. However, the more feature this app develops, the more lag you'll experience. I hope the developer could make it simple and light, just as it used to be.
always ready in fastest way, tokopedia!.
It just says my account is not applicable for the ongoing promo. I have been using only this account since the beginning. Also it often restarts whenever I click ongoing promo in any form (voucher, shopping event, brand promo event, etc)..
good apps, but notification is really annoying, just can you make the apps not to shows every single thing you see ? I search 2 items and it made 2 notification. I blocked the notification then..
Nice app, easy for use and helpfully...
My favorite shopping app but now out of nowhere theres some kind of podcast popping up and streaming sound without my concent and there's no opt out. Its really annoying even when the phone is on vibrate mode the streaming still playing in the background and disturbing during worktime.
i give 5 stars cuz the UI is really nice to see and easy to use, there's so many promos but my favourite one is free shipping promo, there's also cashback and many more.. keep it up tokopedia 👍.
So good with the menu and discount.
I try to find kartu prakerja in the application However everytime i search there is no kartu prakerja appear..the only one appear is blank page and then back again to shoping page How i can solve this problem ?.
good process & save transaction 👍👍.
Reporting ticket number : 21043327 My first mail to tokopedia been replied, but cause they still not answer completely my answer, so i mail again until two times but still not get reply mail, already 3 days until now. ..
Everything is okey! But for seller varian can't customize in PC version. Please update more for PC..
Very helpfull app, I often use it to find some goods. But why I cannot getting update nowadays, every time i tried to update the app it always said unable to updated or the app didn't respond and need to closed. I'm using android ver 6.0.
With the number of English speakers that use your app it's shocking that you don't offer a translation. It seems like the number 1 thing you could do to increase revenue. I would spend 10 times more if it was easy.
The latest version is very bad performing, too much error time with long period.. , toped should re evaluating their system to make the application more convinience for user...sorry but, now, i just start using another e-commerce which have better performance....
The app's information architecture got me serious headache, it's really NOT easy to navigate, too complicated, it's bad experience, especially when you accidentally put wrong address and make complain..
I used to like the app, but it s getting heavier and heavier, i m surprised that the app update is not giving easier / lighter access to the user, but heavier load. Now the app is behaving very slow....
I couldn't click the banner to see offers. Everytime I tried, it brough me back to the home section. My storage phone isn't the problem. I tried to uninstall and download again, but still, I faced same problem. Smh.
What is it with the spam notifications? It's outrageous and I have to resort on blocking the entire notification from this app which mean I'm losing out on the important ones as well such as reply from sellers and order notifications, please improve the user experience! Otherwise no one will stop complaining about it..
I really think that Tokopedia has been giving me the best user experience compared to other apps for online market place. The seller, the system, filter, promo offered, OVO payment, feature bebas ongkir, and else, all were designed to make things easier for their customers. Keep improving and being better. Respect!.
Min data prakerjaku keluarin di dashboard min!🤒.
It is the best !! I purchase items from this app multiple times! Keep up the great work :) the app is running smoothly on my device nothing bad is happening so far..
I never have bad shopping experience here. It's easy to use and it's connected to OVO, so the payment always goes well. It offers cashback and many useful vouchers. I bought some investment products here too. Keep up the good work!.
easy shopping with free ongkir.. good tokopedia.
Starting to love TOKOPEDIA!! Easy to use..
I enjoy this app so much that I used Tokopedia as my personal main e-commerce application. However, recently Tokopedia took a long time just to refresh..
Can't filter and sort searches. I can search, but the option to filter and sort results don't appear. They just become this gray boxes that keeps loading. Have tried all options but failed. Device Xiaomi Mi 9.
to much un necessary notification pop ups, its annoying. 9/10 of the notification is ads. dev. i love your product, but throwing like 10 reminder to spend my money on things a day really is annyoying..
Such as a good app. I like it. You can buy what you want here, and the price is reachable..
nice applikasi and easy to use it. thankx good luck.
Too many ads notification.
Love they way tokopedia upgrade the display (i mean really ❤️ it) and now more easy to change and set the "Filter". Hopefully Tokopedia can reach the 1st e- commerce in 🇮🇩 i still courious why the people who's give 1 star, are they cannot use this app? 😂.
Good application for online shopping! As i have done lots of transactions here,all seller i meet are all trusted. The refund process by tokopedia is also fast enough. Just wish that tokped soon provide us online customer service who serve us directly,not only by system. It is to help us solve the transaction problems better and faster.
Setelah saya dewasa saya lebih menghargai karya orang dan kerja keras orang, I will pray thr best for tokopedia, I hope this app will be legendary, especially for the best online shop in the world, not only in this country,.
easy to use.. love it!!.
My account has been hacked, I used to buy many things from this application, it was very helpful, please improve the security....
The latest update is a bad enough. Looks like more difficult to understanding. I should be to input my bank account again, and the display is not friendly..
Informative and selective product.
very troublesome to get access/ help from customer care / tokopediacare especially when there's an issue that's not on FAQ list. You should have live chat button for everyone, not for certain grade customers only..
New update jun2020 makes app too heavy and crash several times. Update jul20 is slightly better. Now everything is fine..
There is a problem when I share my product to Instagram, the product images is blurred 🙈 but just the text of Tokopedia link in the image's still clearly visible 😅 Can this problem be fixed? I think the previous version was better.
I am tokopedia seller, this new version is suck totally worse for android version 5.1, cellphone type lenovo p1ma40. No sound when receive new message from buyer. It happens almost a month. Tokopedia app seller & app tokopedia are worse for seller!!.
After updated to latest version 3.87 it's draining my Samsung Galaxy S8 battery so fast..
My Phone Number cant used for fill form. Any Solution? The answer is : "your phone number to many used by other". Whats wrong with that??..
Sudenly all white screen on landed pages (home), but other tab did't had problem, back to home still all white screen. Twice restart my gadget still all white screen on landed page (home)....
UI and program response could be improved. In practice, the iOS version runs quicker and more smoothly..
best by far, the payment methods are flexible - dont require to save bank/cc info in the account which for me is safer.
no notifications. even all already enable. and the troubleshooter not working. 👎👎👎.
Why my coupon cannot use??? N also my point ovo cant use too! Free delivery of charge too cant use again in my account. I hate the newest upgrade. Everything changed of service, n also ur promo2 sometime just like a nonsense!!.
The feature for paying BPJS Kesehatan does not work correctly..when i tried to check the bill for this month the comment said that the bill has been paid and i can't continue the process..please fix this problem fast!!.
good app. but sometime take long time to reload the app..
Notification dots from Q&A and updates stays even if you already read the notice. No advanced options to manually turn it off..
Great shopping application ever for me. Easy, all in and easy for payment.
the apps is good,,, 3 star may be, but it is nothing to compare with it's shoping concept, which is safe, fair and trusted,,, so 5 star for you.
the code verification message never come so i can't log in.
Nice& good app to online shopping.
Tokopedia makin lelet ni, loading lama wlpun koneksi mumpuni, suka crash sendiri juga setelah update terakhir. All in all, it's a good and safe shopping apps.
This is the best ecommerce app, user friendly and very easy to pay!!!.
Every time when I open this app.. it says pls check your internet connection but my internet connection is totally fine.. It's annoying!! fix it!!.
My Oppo F1s with 4GB RAM cannot open Coupon page. Always says "Rumah Tokopedia sedang penuh" for days. I believe this is phone issue rather than the Tokopedia itself actually full FOR DAYS..
Easy and simple..
may update make complain menu cannot be accessed, and there is "beta" word on top of it. [have been solved].
This app help me to find anything products and easy to use..
Simple and easy.
awesome app and easy payments.
Sorting feature has gone. Is it intentional? If so then the 1 star stays. I will change my rating once it's back to normal.
The latest update always crush, can't open, please fix it, before I'll uninstalled.
Good option to find items that is not available in stores or running out due to on demand item's without putting too much effort to be in or out stores to get it. Just browse, order and pay 😁.
My datas were perfectly leaked. I've got notification 3 days before Tokopedia even released the news about cyberhack. And gladly my affiliated email was just very protective upon this to prevent lose in the future. Just wanna warn. I hope Tokopedia will be more protective to consumers data and reports. Thank you..
I'll move to another apps when they reduce free delivery quota. 2 to week is stingy!.
Friendly user and many product.
fast and traceable!.
easy shooping, easy payment..top.
This is such a helpful marketplace application I've ever had. But one thing that I can't bear is about its regular update. Can't the developer please use the only one and permanent version? *lol I am joking. Thanks Tokopedia!.
As an avid user, i think this is the best e-commerce app, very easy to browse and find stuff you need (or not but ends up buying it LOL)..
Already discouraged by others' experiences while waiting for app download to finish. Immediately decided to cancel. Just taking this opportunity to voice my concern before uninstalling the already downloaded app..
Excellent Application and very helpful 👍🙏.
My biggest problem with this app isnt the seller but the tokopedia's policy and sistem itself. They are probably thousands of seller. Some of them are legit but some are not. And its tokopedia's job duty and responibility to filter, to take certain strict action to seller on behalf of the customer. But customer is ALWAYS on the losing side while tokopedia persistently to close the problem without any solution. If i were giving an opt, i rather not shops thru tokopedia..
forcing user to buy website cluttered as hell app is full of shoite as well. too crowded and really annoying beli sekarang, "what for" feature? anteraja benar benar sangat lama......
Why no English language option ?.
I rarely used this marketplace anymore. I rather choose Shopee or Bukalapak. The promo is sucks and getting worse. Goodbye Toped. I'm in shame have recommend this ecommerce to some of my friend and my family. Loyal member get no benefit..
understood. How we deal with the return unwanted item make me dissapointed..
You can no longer filter search results by category. The search function now almost totally useless.
good deal,good price,good quality.
pls consider making an option for seller to custom their out of stock product, which divided by: 1.the current,can't be viewed by other user 2.main image on product automatically displayed or overlayed as out of stock it's really annoying, frustating,and waste of time when you visit a store just to find out it's out stock,which come from personal experience when searching for cpu 90% that being displayed are out of stock..
Can't choose for COD paying, a few month these app would be the junk app.
Cannot use it in 2/3/4G of Telkomsel. But the connection is fine when using other apps. May be I should stop buying from Tokopedia then..
No solution for my prob using top up service.
The beta app is preventing the app to refresh the whole feature and update inside.
During flash sales, there is notification says flash sales only valid on application. Then ask me to install the application. Well, here i am using Tokopedia application. It keep asking me to install application whenever i click buy button..
Good apps for shopping..
This app is my first online store app. So I like it. No matter there are maybe some problems, its still one of the best..
When it comes to complaint, tokopedia cant give any fast solution, investigation took days, i paid, but i havent get anything from the seller, and tokopedia solution is 'WAIT' its been almost 2 weeks since i paid, and nothing from the seller or tokopedia. It seems like tokopedia is giving the seller a better service than the buyer. Update june 11th,2020. My complaint havent been resolved. from my point of view, the obstacle is tokopedia doesnt care for their buyer's difficulties..
Great apps but I want one more step, might you as well. Please add dark mode, so easier for me to use it at night time..
easy shopping and trusted.
Always failed with connection and Always "unfortunately,tokopedia has stop" after updated.. Dear expert developers, Please fix it because we have to track our order trasaction on tokopedia Thank yoy.
fun shopping app ever!.
still best one e-commerce. tapi push notif iklannya semakin annoying, kurangin 1 bintang.
Good system but too many inactive stores, there is should be an automatic checking for any inactive stores to make it invisible till store owner active again..
Excellent platform for shopping.
I don't know why, but my account was blocked and i can't using my coupons.
autoplay videos can't be turned off, so annoying.
I can't make my own store. Everytime i completed the progress then when i refreshed my store is gone and i can't make a new one. Pls fix this..
I've been using this app for more than 2 years, and so far tokopedia is best marketplace app I've ever use. but you have to be worried about the orange if you don't have any cashback promotion and free delivery anymore ..
Great app for shopping!.
its so bad... there's a mistake at the system, when i add the things to wishlist and then it says error for adding to wishlist, when i wanna erase the wishlist it says error, its so bad, plss fix it Tokopedia.
One of great e-commerce app that I use so far. Keep up the good work!.
Great app for shopping and just a quick find of things to buy or just browse through during the day..
Easy to use but sometimes laggy.
Great app, but your payment option with debit card very often not working. Bank transfer method should not be limited from a few bank only..
Trusted Seller... Good Quality.
Have variety stuff. Second marketplace app that I recommend. The user interface are not complicated. Free shipping mechanism is awesome..
Nice User Flow. Nice UI/UX.
easy shopping..love it 😊👍.
Too many ads.
Unable to print invoice with PDF format. FYI, i'm using Mi A2 Lite with latest OS Update.
My account can't get any promo (probably banned) while I always obey the terms and condition. There's no exact explanation about it, fix your lame app.
Almost every week asked for upgraded the app, and don't know why I cannot open the promotion list....
Good Aplication but Bad Platform!.
I can't open the ongoing flash sale, etc. Keeps loading forever and returns back to main page.
Good Service, fast response. So many products that I need 👌.
safe & trusted olshop, friendly user interface apps, BUT since july 2020 some feature didn't working such as shop catalog and search filter so I lowered this apps rate, that two feature is very important for buyer search the product..
Great shopping application and easy for payment...
great app overall. but it would be good if there is an option to disable the promo notifications..
It was good until recently. Now, the app often interrupted..
After update, the app is always not responding if I click the detail of the item .. Please fix soon.. Can't buy anything now on this app ...
Why is there delivery cost for ebook ? it does not make sense. can you check and fix it asap?.
The best online shop so far...too bad the promotions and discounts are getting fewer and smaller....
Please, if you have new features like video auto play, please provide setting to option user to use autoplay or not.
verry useful, easy to use.
Good apps, good contents. But where is the search filter option for this version ( updated July 3 2020)??.
Good app, but too much UI and feature. Make me confuse and feel complicated. How about make the simple UI.
To many adds from product similar from promote seller.. must scroll down more and more...
Why there is not option to view app in english language.... what kind of developer are you hire for develop this app.
I like buying with this app but there's only one tap tap kotak not two so i gave 4 stars.
User friendly, neatly-arranged icons, trusted sellers. Various choices and easy payment. Superb!.
very happy with the app, the only marketplace I currently using, so far there is no problem ... thank you.
Sometimes just stuck at the moment, IDK why cause my phone have alot memories not in running low..
The more you update, the slower you get. Thank you for letting the user's data to be stolen. Excellent strategy for business with zero integrity involved. Ignorance at its best!! And even in your terms, you will not responsible for user's data breached? Fine move, keep your lawyers pocket thick eh? Answering Tokped response: listen smart ar*e, I know the password is encrypted, but what about my other data? Stolen email, phone number, my address, my bank account, etc? Ignorant brat!.
Really mad using this apps. Become buyer is still good, but become seller is really the worst. Everytime upload the products can't be uploaded..
Helpful, but UI too messy. So much useless things happening, i hope it'll be more neat in the future.
The new update is heinous. It consumed a lot of my processing memory, making my phone so damn hot and laggy..
nice, simple, lot of good products and excellent customer services. thank you for your excellent quality services and vast catalog..
easy payments, still need minimum order to pay qith creditcard.
Draft Product cannot working as usual, developer please fix it ASAP!!..
Seems new update, software bugs infected... There is no Filter feauture.... Please fix it dude... 15 July 2020.
Really love this apps. Easy to use, excellent service, and always give coupon to customers 💜.
Keep on updating. Making my phone slower..
Friendly to use, keep it up!.
Good online shopping. Thanks.
Good product and good price.
The app itself works fine without any major bugs but the UI is cluttered and somehow laggy..
The "complaint" section never work properly. And please don't do updates too frequently...
easy to buy anything.
Getting slow n slower. Promo keep downloading never ending features. Lost my WL. Keywords lesser..
force close on LG V40 #edit try tu uninstall and done! can open app again.
Nice useful app.. But needs to add COD feature to get more users, and also needs English language for non-Indonesians, thank you..
Great app for shopping in Indonesia. And great support from customer care. Dear tokopedia, please remove OVO from your partner, change to Gojek / Dana. Lot of problems with ovo.
I have no idea every single time I click the object that I want to order, it doesn't work. Why the orange app is better now?.
Just downloaded this app tonight. It's all because of NCT 💚 Thank you Tokopedia 👍.
Easy to use & many things that we need we can find @tokopedia.. Best ❤❤👍👍👍.
easy to CC dan other olshop, my CC always get rejected, said my input info lack..
Very helpful in selling goods and looking for any goods. often buying game voucher through here..
Excellent service, fast and easy. Great job 👍👍.
Keeps stoping and crashed fix it please extra star will be added.
The latest update is broken, so many glitch and the apps keep making my phone hot.
A lot of trustworthy seller in Tokopedia,a lot of Free ongkir and very fast..
UI and UX not user friendly..
Good online shopping app. There's always room for improvement: to have the sellers tell u their real location, shortening the shipping duration. Failed same-day delivery once, won't try no more, got my goods, though..
Stuck and lack and not respond the application for new updated..
THE BEST. friendly interface. less payment error. responsible shop. no fuse notification..
Great app and easy to use.
Can' run on an old android. Apk version 3.83 work so badly..
The best, clear, user friendly online shopping application i've ever used..
easy shopping with this app.
Good app, clean and intuitive interface, and easy to used.
Not work after update on mi 8 lite.
Tolong di update supaya bisa split screen..
make my shopping life easier and offering a lot of discounts and many benefits . love using this application for any kind of shopping items. thank you tokopedia.
getting infinite list when scrolling down of seller products, is there any reason? too annoying.
The newest version turns out eliminate ovo points information and replace it with top op ovo banner, why would you do that? It sucks.
I change the review from 5 star to 1 coz after i update it this morning its crash and always ask to check internet connection, please fix it.
New update still same,app always not responding and slow respon if i touch the product..
So far it is best app without nonsense game like shopee did. It just give us a reason green color is good to shop at ease.
Much lag, and slow loading pic item, force close to, please fix.
simple payment and trusted.
the ui need some work. sometimes it crashes when i press certain image.
Is this application broke?I can't completely my data its always "it was problem on the server" fix it please.
Very smooth and flawless.
Fast and easy to use.
Why there's no dark mode? (1) .and why there's no option to change language preferences? (2).
very good app for shopping 🥰🥰.
Too many inactive sellers with their stuffs on the display. I think it's time for you to clean it up. Put away stuffs of inactive sellers. I also found some fraud indicated seller in it. Don't ask me to report. I've reported it and they're still there. I'm getting more rarely use your app. Too bad. I wish you could grow bigger and more helpful for buyers with trusted real seller..
was ok , till Tokopedia keep pushing to update it while there's complains on the new version .....
I like the UI than any other e-commerce app. Simple..
Tokopedia really a good apps. Thankyou..
such an easy apps to get everything what i want with the kind price!.
Good application and online shop very helpfull in online transaction... good job..
There is to many spam notification that not related to my type, such annoying for my daily..
Very great app for shop...
Nice application, fast and smooth scrolling...
easy practice to use.
nice and safe app for sell or buy.
Easier for register.
This fersionh are not accessible for screen readers user. The Screen reader are cannot read product name, price, rate, an spesification.
Why do you change the UI? The pop up suggestion every time I fill my basket is annoying enough, and now this?.
Great, easy & competitive....
This app is difficult to use because you have to pay with ovo , now i can't pay with virtual account. I closed this app..
Good fast and secure.
Very disappointed!!! After awhile, suddenly I can not make a transaction with CASH ON DELIVERY??? STRANGE!!.
App is not available in English.
good, easy to use, detail, i love tokopedia..
always can't conect n unconnected suddenly.
I had tried many times by WiFi or MANUALLY MOBILE DATA but all can't work at all ...😡😡😡.
After finishing the purchase, no review notification shows, checking the review page only shows a blank page, so i can't review the product..
I have a problem in transfer via ATM. I've typed the right amount and the right account number of Tokopedia and the right bank, but it's declined. I don't know anymore what should I do..
Convenient, easy to use apps... Various quality product... trusted seller... very recommended.
love this app, shopping and paying bills were never this easy! Thank you Tokopedia!.
Very good place to shop. Secure payment. Secure transaction..
A lot of amazing experince with this app!.
great app. easy to use.
Great app... Please add nearest store, so i can save instant courier fee....
Good App and helpful. But too many fake sellers registered. Please clear them up, for the shake of your loyal customer.
Unable to scroll pages after I sorted & filtered my search....
Not worth app too many unoriginal product and always cancel my purchase....
Better than any others shopping apps in Indonesia, easy to use, better UI than others. Always #1😜.
This app is very good, so interesting. Good job.
Very helpfull apps. And recommended to install!.
Trustable online shopping i've used. Easy to find and buy stuff in here. recommended.
Good price especially for digital product, very affordable.
Sort and filter button gone missing in the newest version.
Please somebody tell me. How to change language. It's full and full Indonesia language. Please let me know how to change language from Indonesian to English..
it's freeze sometimes.
Semakin update semakin rumit. Menurut saya malah kurang user friendly. Sorry to say...
Last version run very very slowly..waste much time...
so far it's a good app. FYI, don't follow what Shopee did by removing the search filter by CITY that can cost delivery increased because that policy will make us loyal customers not happy.
this app is very great, helping me find anything i need, thank you..
The design of user interface on the apps is so bad, easily caused user error on checking out their orders.
Could find many things here with cheaper price, very helpful....
Easy apps. Safe buys. Customers complain service is good.
Why I couldn''t chat with the shop owner? It says "something wrong, please try again later"?.
Best apps. I hv been using Toped for variety of transactions..
It's good, but please add change language button to en.
what i dont like most is its customer service response. it puts robot to answer my problem. 2. price shown may not the real price as sellers put the lowest price to attracts your attention, but when you click buy, sellers doesnt accept, but seller sends you WA instead. 3. too many ads makes the sort menu on price has no function. 4. Ive experienced scam from toped, 5. when you need help their CS will reply you in 6 hrs. Its one of the worse market place..
Hello this app very nice to me thank you tokopedia..!!.
Always fast to get the money and many gifted ...tengkyu.
Safe shopping, easy and friendly..
Bad Service at all .. Not recommend for online shopping .. annoying and confusing.
Very helpfull marketplace, Easy to use. Thanks tokopedia..
Just upgraded n disappointed, error notification pop-up whenever I click intended item..
Your new "tokopedia" notification sound is so disturbing, annoying and scary. Please change it..
Cant click complain why? Too many bug? Or seller is a king? Plz fix it NOWWW!!!.
spam rate di aplikasi.. very annoying.
Please add some night mode for shopping at night, thanks.
Good and easy apps.
convenience, a lot of promotion, good services..
Tokopedia customer service is the worst 👎👎 never give any solution, i will never use this apps again Blibli and shoppee are much better for shopping and handling customers complaint!.
Simple UI, i can finding anything i need here. I hope TOKPED more grow up and be good more.
Good information of product, low cost, easy for users.
This application makes it very easy for me to shop online.
fantastic interface. easy to understand..
Greats app for shopping, happy shopping.. really helping our daily life.
The app is fine but my account is one of the accounts that datamined. I mean, I even has everything secured..
Masih suka force close min,.jadinya gk update notif ny,..btw hp ak meizu m6,..
Good App, Easy to Use....
cant even open the app after i logged in 'Tokopedia keeps stopping'..
So far, still my favorite market place. 💕.
Kinda one of my fav online shops. Keep the good work, Tokped! I'll rate you with 5 stars later, karena sampai saat ini saya selalu gagal meng-klik promo yang sedang berlaku (setiap klik promo yg sedang berlangsung utk cari tahu lebih lanjut, saya selalu dibawa kembali ke Home). Poor me. :(.
good apps for buying things everywhere.
Good price, good service, good applicator, etc.
Easy to navigate but not so much choice for beauty shop..
very easy to use!.
Great online shop..
Okey, thank you so much TOKOPEDIA. this first time I used that app, so far it so good. And please keep improving tokped!.
More helpful, many advantages here, simple, very interested..
Freezing after the latest update, please fix.
Bugs!!! New update are fail. 220720.
I love this online store..
I can't the turn of the video ad!!! It's annoying , who wants to watch that piece of garbage! Well not me.
Thank you! This is very useful and simple 👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻.
Need new landscape/tablet mode.
They cancel my first payment and i cant use voucher that requires first payment anymore. Suck.
My wishlist is gone after update it, look like tokopedia is going down hill from here, so goodbye then.
tolong tokopedia support digital wallet DANA.
Practical and relatively straight forward interface.
Best UI/UX..
Great apps, useful and easy to navigate.
Live event running in background, its so annoying for me.
So many bugs, you should be improve it :).
Live Tracking Grab Express ga muncul peta nya.
Trustable and Helpful. One of the best online shopping apps.
Fast and easy.
Awesome apps for sell and buys products..
I love it! We can sell things here, and it helps a lot because many things that i want available in here.
Love it! The UX is so smooth.
Updatee app, now cannot check travel fare. Not responding..
much easier to navigate than shopee, lazada, bukalapak. highly recommend.
I just lost my ovo points and ovo cash. Be carefull to use this app. Better not keep your emoney/bank acc there. Security and customer acc should be protected wisely.
Being my first choice of online marketplace App.
Became more complex than prev version.. also very difficult to choose shipping neither with payment method. Scks!.
good and more cashback n free delivery.
trust & easy aplication.
cheap prices , great offer.
Tokped so far gives the best options of sellers. OVO payment mode makes it easier to pay. Thank you tokped!.
One of best online shopping Application on Android..
Easy to use and has complete payment method.
I love this app. The things sold here are guaranteed..
most reliable online shopping app in indonesia..
The best market online platform .. !.
Awesome, using friendly and helpful market application.
clean UI, easy to use, responsive app.
Kapan toko pedia night mode nya keluar, mata silau liat aplikasinya yg gak pernah update to dark mode!!!!!!!!!.
Easy to find anything and quite safe the transaction.
It would have been great if this app had language switch to english.
very convenient apps,everything we need is available in it.
Really classic & useful. Thank you tokped.
Hohohoo good apps! I just once uses this but i got many things from this! You all must used this as an online app!.
product recommendations could be better.
Good application for selling and buying !.
always satisfied shop at tokped. fast deliv. easy to pay. got a lot promo even sometimes free or discount for deliv fee. thank u tokped :).
There is some age filter for some products. Even i declared my age above required age, i couldnt access that..
Be careful with your purchases here. You have to be extra careful reading the product description. Avoid stores without product description and no instant courier. Chances, they are just dropshippers. Once you get defect product, it will take weeks to return your purchases with tons of complicated ways to prove the product was broken/defect..
File size getting bigger after updating, please how to move to sdcard dont't wanna root my phone.
Nice online apps to shop..
Always failed to fetch the filter option lately.. 😖.
Very good application and easy to use.
awesome and trusted online shop...keep it up!!!.
Really bad app, too much verification just for one account. Took so long just to change the name/brith/gender of the account or any self data. You can't access without phone number, it says that my phone number is already used. One word, too much error and waiting! Please fix it if you want to be the best e-commerce app in Indonesia.
Tokopedia Is The Best And The Leader Market Place App Always Give The Customers Ease Of Shopping, Easy To Use The App With High Quality Products. I Love Using Tokopedia To Buy Everything What I Need. Keep Up The Good Work Tokopedia. You Deserve Get ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐..
useful apps for online shopping.
good application, love it...
simple and easy.... security must be upgraded everyday tks.
Update app yg baru masih banyak error di HP Xiaomi Mi8. Please fix ASAP!.
Good job!!👍👍👍👍 because of this app i can buy everything without thinking the price is expensive.
Nice performing apps with minimum lags and bugs..
It is very positive and enjoyable.
Simple ..easy to understand all content items.
Very happy with the service! Thanks.
Good app and helpful.
This app is really good, have many store produk and easy to buy it.
Stupid apps. You're never ready when fast sell event. Down!.
I need to buy something but I can't even open the product page, please fix this and I'll consider changing the review.
Please help to fix on payment credit card.
I Like this app so much, Terima kasih Tokopedia.
Too many updates. It make useless with new update.
This app is so good! You can get almost everything what indonesia dont sell recomended app!.
Good, but if you add dark theme features it's gonna be great..
WHOA this app is amazing !! HOW COOL !! IT HAS MANY FEATURES AND EVERYTHING IS AT ITS PLACE. INI KEREN BANGET. ITS ALL THAT U NEED.
the best shopping app so far.
great app with an easy operate n easy payment method.
Forgot password, send via sms or whatsapp but error 404..
The best ecommerce to buy some product, whiches using an easyes payment method.
I loved this online store but still need improvement in security from fraud seller and naughty buyer (Urgent Priority)..
Toko pedia is good market place for me I ❤ made in Indonesia.
Very user friendly and many discojnt and goode deals. Please give more good deals and lower ongkir and service charge.
very convenient features.
This new version is sucks,, cannot top up emoney.
Bad user interface, bad user experience, bad navigation.
tokopedia is great,, love it, more promo please.
user friendly, nice ui/ux, clean and simple.
sometimes doesnt give any response, so i need to restart the app. yet so far, addictive.
Easy to access. Easy instructions.
crash.. forceclose after last updated..
so easy to use, love itttt.
Good app I ever use for shopping online..
Smart aplication, iam very very happy with tokopedia.
It keeps lagging! I can't log in..
Just... such a nice online shop.
How can I translate the language to English since I can't read or understand the bahasa Indonesia that it's currently in?.
My Fav e-commerce ever!.
Too many rules, There are one-sided rules, not all sellers are sanctioned.
The best online shopping so far ... (Tp update na lama ya, muter2 terus padahal baru aja saya nilai the best so far ...).
You can find many things using this apps.
Great app for online shopping!.
Edited my review after they updated the version, thank you for listening to your users. 5 stars, good job!.
Can we be sure that our data is save? I've linked it with my ovo payment, and now I'm scared using this app 😟.
This app help me a lot to find what i wanted along ago like a book that i looking for long time, u will find almost anything.
more easiest for shopping..
Good platform and easy to use.
Very easy to use.
How to change date of birth on Tokopedia? There's no edit button on Date of Birth.. thanks.
many errors hard to update.
Easy to use and make me happy to shopping.
Gagal memproses data filter. All. The. Time.
can't open the latest version. At all!.
Apps management or marketing is not managed properly. I have been watching recorded English Premier League since the restart via fullmatchesandshows website Tokopedia put advert RELATE TO RAMADHAN with phrasing starts "meskipun kita jauh" (one of them). The advert pop up and start playing up to I am writing (15 Sept 2020) if only I watch Highlights. Ramadhan long has passed, why advert is still poping up. I just wonder.
It will be better if tokopedia provides its own balance. We can top up our own balance from minimarket or bank to our balance in tokopedia With the amount as we want. Having more choices of top up will attrack buyers.
Fast. Reliable. Trusted..
Best and easy online shopping application ever.
this app is very easyto use and usefull.
complicated payment process....
I have been using this app for long time, its really good and helpful..
APP DOESNT LET YOU CHANGE LANGUAGE, BUT THE SITE DOES, WHY??.
Auto out when browsing, just happened recently, why?.
It keeps crashing now. I'll edit this after the devs sort it out..
Amongst the Indonesia's most reliable online shops is this one, Tokopedia! User-friendly, easy to track your stuff and most important of all it doesn't make your life difficult when it comes to refunds/reimbursement..
App more better than last year....
My account just dissapear and after few month my account back and theres a complain from buyer and i can't respon it,abseloutly not recomended.
This app isn't user-friendly. Confusing..
good to have credit card payment.
Why ios 10 can't install tokopedia. Is not compatible. Why?????.
Aplikasi nya sangat user friendly...
Search result ngaco.. Kalau ganti query search, filter jg ke reset..
nice and very usefull public marketplace in Indonesia..
Good application and easy to use.
Thank you this application is very helpfull.
Cheap and many choice in the app, good luck tokopedia..
Most helpfull for me to buy something!.
Keamanan data bobol, top up ovo kena charge, cashback suka telat.
Wow sangat memudahkan pengguna. Thank you tokped.
Too long preparation for seller...
Really good online store. Recommended..
I have deleted this application. It's so simple, to get rid of annoying ads. Maybe next time i would re-install it, if, the application is getting better in making the users feel comfortable to search through. I rated 3-star anyway, still good enough..
Good and easy to use app ..
I like this application because this app is very very interesting. And also caused i like BTS💜.
Please fix for live tracking for grab and gojek.
its easy and many choice things.
Recently this app so dangerous, not secure! Be careful!.
Chat service working fine setelah update.
easy to access, credible, recommended.
Good App for sure 💜 really love it, more simple and I really enjoy use this app 💜💙.
Super app, good ui, promotion and anything.
tokped is geeting easier to use,no bug app.
fastest & easy shopping..
Cannot remove history of transaction.
the good aplication for online shopping 🥳🥳🥳.
Crash mulu, ga bs liat promo / flash sale. Tolong di fix ya..
Very useful and easy to use.
Useful application. Voucher is helpful..
user friendly, buy and sell very easy.
Very Good, shorten online payments..
easy use, easy pay, and easy boke....
Good app ever. Good job as always tokopedia..
It's simple to shop....
Can't open the app after update to the latest version.
nice & easy shopping experience!.
the best app ever !! wanna get best online shoppin' ever ??? Here is it !! Belanja , Tokopedia sajaaaa !!.
so helpful for buying items we need!.
good apps, keep it up!.
My favourites place to find and buy anything..
the art and enjoy for online shopping.. where we can trust and feel safe.
Always closed when open it. What's wrong?.
Good Apps to shop.
Mau komplain error pmbelian streaming youtube premium tak bsa2 pakai layanan bantuan. Fix it!.
Please provide black / dark mode for easy eye viewing when browsing shopping items..
nice app, but somtime it's like lagging.
more user friendly than the other app.
Is anyone else having this problem where when you buy a Google play voucher and you pay with BCA virtual account is keeps sending the same code over and over again and that code is to buy a 25k pulsa pack but other than that this app is good👌.
Good shopping app with lots of benefits.
easy to use and fitur lengkap ..
Best shopping app ever.
Very helpful & useful.
Inconsistent with shipping fee policy, poor customer service, different with another marketplace.
Abusive notifications pretending like a missed call with phone icon, so it looks like a scam. Pease stop doing this..
fast and easy.
Easy app to use and practical.
I had been using tokopedia for sometime, until oneday the app asked to install the update. When I click the update the app couldn't update and can't open. So I uninstall it, so I can reinstall again. But now it can't install at all. It's been really frustrating, i still have points and money in it. This is a scam!.
Great app and easy to use..
Worthed... easy buying any product.
OK sudah diinput report nya..thanx...
great app.. satisfied...
wow.. new update very smooth.
great app! so easy to use.
Good way to buy something.
Stop pop up ads!.
I actually kinda like the interface of it but what i don't like is it's kind of slow. My storage is not full and there's no other app in the background, my connection is good too yet it is still slow, so it makes me uncomfortable using it for daily so i just uninstall it and re download it when i wanna buy something. One thing that i don't like. I CAN'T CHANGE MY NUMBER EASILY. I always pay from alfamart so don't have any credit card or buku tabungan so i CAN'T CHANGE IT AND IT SUCKS..
so far masih best UX and UI untuk apps e-commerce sih..
To long for instal this app,open app.
The great app to online shopping.
easy to use. many promos.
fast and many options.
Good app, helps me purchase things at tokopedia..
easy to use and accurate.
The app does not make improvements when in comes to loopholes where buyers are being cheated by dishonest sellers and are at loss. The machine handling customers' complaints has the worst algorithm and procedures among other similar platform. It is better to uninstall and move to other online shop app. To add to that, web/desktop version of this app is a mess..
good UI and easy to use.
Many ads that are scams lead to this app, any other than that. I like it! It has great stuff in it. The only thing I hate is the scam ads. Please remove them..
tokopedia provides any kind of product that could be bought at a relatively cheaper price.
App is decent. But i got bad experience from Company. False accused seller for fraud. And that cost me. The only company that doesnt have Call Center. Im glad that finally got my account deleted.
very good & functional...
Simple application, user friendly.
Cool but cs are slow response.
The worst app and the worst service.
no prob so far, u make online shopping easier, thank you.
I like this app, cuz so helpful.. Thanks.
easy to use and good deal.
Very easy and useful.
Excellent apps with lot of trusted seller.
Very convenient and easy.
Toko pedia is a good online store, nice products and good services.
good online shopping app.
The app itself does work just fine, although once you start browsing too deep you'll start to notice the app being not too responsive. What I find not very pleasing was the lack of ability to erase my browsing history. Everytime I stumble upon an odd item and went to look at it, anything related to that item will continue to show as I browse - Very annoying, don't like it, hate to see them. Wish they added the feature to manage and erase your browsing history..
Easy to use, banyak banget promoooo.
Great,easy to use.
The last weeks is has been almost impossible to do payments, guess Tokopedia server is not updated for increasing of costumers. Get it fixed please (Indonesia).
the shopping mall is in your hand... it makes life much easier....
This application is so helpful.
Good apps. Easy to use..
the best e-commerce app so far! thanks Tokped.
Erlier much better. This update make my tokped can't start.
you can find anythibg you want at Tokopedia with good price... yeyyy.... love it so much... keep the good job... next i will always shop at tokopedia yaaa... thank you.... 😃😃😃😃😃😃.
Aplikasi Good & Kurang banyak promo ongkir tanpa minimum payment!.
For new users like me, this application is easy to understand and fast in registering. For other features I hope can be improved too. Thank you..
Can't change pick up address for seller.
Good design and easy use.
Pake kode referralku kalau mau dapet bonus: TPDEWWZWJR. Use my referral code if you want some bonus: TPDEWWZWJR.
great app such promo recommended.
handy UI / UX, great job!.
Fraud from selling with similar name? This app makes joke with seller by cutting revenue for unreasonable and unproven things. Slow and bad cs service, bad decision making,.
It's very slow, such a shame tho, my internet is fine and i dont think my RAM is full, on top of that if you live in Indonesia, Tokopedia likes to spam ads on the internet, it's super annoying.
e-commerce favorit dah pokoknya, thankyou tokopedia :).
No problem. Looking forward for the PROPER apk version for AppGallery..
This is most recommended e-commerce...
easy and fast.
easy and fast.
Recently, 15-Oct-2020, I was assured buying 4 items, paid already. But it delivered only 2 items. As I trusted tokopodia to record, so I believed so. However, the seller might, this is my suspect, changed the products shown in the list from 4 to 2. As I do not find any record, I could not approved it. My suggestion is to provide list of product summary bought and sent it via emai to user. I am really upset..
Great app, easy to use 👍.
The platform was good. Actually i do love the platform. But, CE service so terrible. They close my complain aftwr 22days. The latest update toko said i need to wait. Then i wait. Then toko close my tiket. After complain again, toko CE team with their 'analysys' said i need to give more proove.. it is 22DAYS after i submit my complain... HAHAHA... will update the ratting after this settle. But guess what. They do nor care... i believe.... what a shame....
can make payment with ovo points, your ovo points are very useful here.
Trustable and helpful..
customer service is sucks! I'll not use this app anymore. no wonder there are a lot of BAD review and 1 star rating! Their respond take days! They also charge double on my credit card, and make so many excuses. Now that they already knew they were wrong, they don't even respond for 5 days. Shame on you!!.
very very very quick service👍👍👍.
By default all the stuff in the basket is always selected and checklist. Then I'm starting to choose what I want to buy. But every time I re-review and goes back to basket, all of my things including different store is back to selected again!!! All I ask is. Could you please shutdown the auto select in the basket?!.
good system, my money back automatic.
let the stars be my explaination... very good e-commerce's app.
Easy to use many product love it.
The most helpfull shopping app for me....
very user friendly...
user friendly, promo is great.
Good online shop and application..
I am so pleased. Can be trusted also I like it because I can use OVO. So, when it was cancelled, I can get my money back directly. But, some prices that was sold here is a bit higher than others..
User Friendly.. Terjangkau.. Original...
pembayaran pertama dibatalin sistem n voucher promo ilang. kzzzl....
Thank you so much TOKOPEDIA, have been add features Cash On Delivery(COD).That's very important for customers who don't have a credit card..
cakep dan fitur baru utk verifikasi, makes me feel safe belanja disini.. thanks toped.. well done!.
3years ago i like this app, i dont know why more slow and crash... Too much inside and not work products. Please fix it. I will give 5 stars after that fix.
I love it its the logo is cute ❤ and I can buy my favorite items and its so help full and guys download this it so help full for you to and its great store👍🏻 thanks tokopedia 😃😃😃😉😉😉😆😆😆.
Even if the app is very good, the verification doesnt even work. There is no message getting sent to my number so.... That sucks..
I just installed it and it keeps saying "not responding".
Better shopping experience than other competitor.
easy to use, u can find anything easily here..nice app.
Best shopping experience.
The new update keeps force closing.
This application very helpful and very good.
Very comfortable UI for OL shop.
i love to buy phone credit here bcs there are some discounts.
Annoying broadcast live....
Bad delivery management! I paid for instant delivery (promised to be delivered within 3 hours) but haven't receive the product for more than 24 hours. All delivery T&C designed to give more time for seller to delay delivery is logically disconnected with service stated & promised to customer. Fix it! This is insignificant transaction for both of us but it ruined my trust to your whole operation!.
Good aplication and i think you must give your customer free shipping, everyday, everywhere,everytime no minimun purchase. I always use this aplication for buy something. Thanks if you read this, Bye👋.
The loading is slow. Always got 'Crash' or 'Freeze blank screen' when write a review or complaint about item..
Good shopping experience!.
Very good experience for using this application. Very useful to accommodate our needs. Thank you very much..
Start streaming ads video (Promo Kilat) in background even when my phone was locked. Also, too many fake sellers, promotion are being abused by cashback hunter, no quota left for real customers. You should learn from your competitors..
If possible, increase the security of account privacy, including passwords, and so far the best shops are available with quality products and services.
Always error when uploading evidence for complain.
Nice marketplace for everyone.
The best E-commerce.
Canggih,aman,ramah,fast respon on fb pages..
It helps us to get our needs easily wothout any hard efford to buy something.
Too much condition and i uninstall this application.
Cannot open scan .. 😭.
No dark mode, even Samsung's force dark mode option doesn't work in this app, browser version is better since I can changed to dark.
Terima kasih sudah dibantu untuk menemukan barang saya. Mungkin perlu di review ulang untuk seller dengan logo official store. In my case, they printed the address with a very thin ink and perhaps it is what caused the delivery courier to read it wrong..
Good and faster.
With the new version, it's very hard to add and change your address. Too much adds too! 😣😣😣.
Always close everytime i open it! You should change youre lay out! Its confusing!.
Easy for use and secure.
most user friendly ecommerce platform i think.
Been using this app for years, without much problem. Until few days ago, it kept nagging me about an update, so i allowed it. Update process kept stopping at 65%, 5 times! So i thought why not have a fresh install. I uninstalled it, tried to reinstall, now it kept stopping at 99%. 4 times! Wth man. Already tried the clear cache. Didn't work. I don't know whose fault this is, but until it's fixed, i have to stop using this app, simply because i don't have acces to it..
nice app and very helpful for daily activities.
Equal the image and well packaged.
nice for digital payment.
this application is very helpfull, easy for shopping. since i used tokopedia for shopping, i've never been in trouble yet. thanks tokopedia.
This application is great for online shopping, very trusted and lots of attractive promos, and this application is very diligent to invite famous artists,undang txt lagi ya min 😍😍😜.
A great app up until recently. For some reason, the app can't load any pictures anymore if I don't use VPN. Tried reinstalling, but the problem still persists. Sometimes, it even didn't registered my cashback vouchers. I lose out on an Rp100.000 cashback once because of it, and the CS blamed me instead. Same goes for the desktop version. A lot of things just doesn't work correctly for me. I still love the sellers, just not the platform. Not anymore..
Great app. Very helpful.
I tried to make loan and verified my identity, but it always loading after I took pictures of my documents and never approved 🤦🏼‍♀️ Please fix it ASAP!.
Great Apps love it!!!.
This a good app, is veri usefull for me, thks tokopedia.
Great and detailed user interface. Easy to use. But sometimes flooded with unnecessary notifications. Spam is annoying. Keep improving and being better..
I haven't been able to have the photos shown on the perfect position when I upload them using my mobile phones on my advertisement. I mean, the app cannot show the photos perfectly. Instead, I had to use my PC to upload them.I did not have this kind of problem in the past. Another thing, why is JNE OKE option available in your system for sending a package to an address in the same city/Bandung? If it's not available in the courier company/JNE, Tokopedia should update the info on the system..
Error in the aplications. Please becareful when using it because it is contain bug, especially when using promo code. Recently, i complain about this, but tokopedia said that i did not enter the promo code (actually I already enter the code). This is really insane. If you want to use it, you should always double check it in the invoice to find wheather the promo (cashback) already state or not. Very disappointed it happen on me. I hope it did not happen to you..
Very good online shopping, my first time to know this application. Very helpful..
mudah digunakan, good...
great app, easy to use...
a lot of bug and crash.
The OVO payment in this app making it easier! Thank you tokopedia 💜.
Tokopedia the best platform for life.
Was a good app until the latest updates with soooooo much spam and God i hate the feeds notification. The best part is that it can't be changed in the notifications settings! Not everyone using this app wants to see notifications from the shop feed. This is an app where you buy and sell things, not a social media. Make up your mind!! And why is the cs only uses twitter??? You're a giant company yet you don't have a call center?.
good but have to fix security issue.
OL Shop favorit!.
Great application and very useful.
Well, very very good app for selling and buying everything. This app is a package with complete features but looks simple. This app really helpful. With this app, become entrepreneurs isn't as hard as before. Only have one suggestion for development division of this company, me and people around me are agree that the recently update is confusing. The new updated makes us to get used again with the new display. Hope u can restore previous display. Because the new display makes us can't operate this app as capable as before. Many feature placed differently than before. That makes us likes being beginner user again. And for seller with massive orders, this is really seize more time and focus. So, with intention to build this app bigger time for time, please reconsider my suggestion. Tq u Tokopedia. :)).
Awesome, keep improve security system.
I've been using Tokopedia as my main e-commerce app, but ever since the "racun" update, everything becomes slow. Example, usually it took around 0.2 seconds to crack a lucky egg, but now it takes around 3-5 seconds to crack it. Not only eggs, but also products, it takes so much time to just to load a product, and i couldn't do anything (can't touch everything) about it. And trust me, my internet's fine, i could still watch Youtube with no buffering..
New updated version 3.0.1 is so slow n big size. Which i think it is not necesarry to add more pages while at the end the page you need looks the same. Makes our gadget slow and its not efficient and not user friendly anymore. Tokopedia thinks it is a good improvement but NOT. Your apps is now more confusing and really not a user friendly for buyer or seller. Dont try to get more MB of Internet just because you get more $$ from provider. But think of your customers. Redesign this apps so make it simple user friendly not opening tens of pages just to get information of what you need..
I need to update my app, but whenever it reaches 75% progress, the installation wont continue. Tried to clean up my storage and try to install other app, and it worked fine. But i cant with tokped..
I love the application itself. it user-friendly and light to use. But the thing I cant understand is why Tokopedia didnt have any number for user to reach customer service. it hard to reach a live customer service by only using a chat. since our ticket like coming to a queue and waiting any respond, and it might take time to be responded. it is not good and not a solution for one of biggest marketplace apps in Indonesia. you guys should have a feature to call customer service through the apps..
Please add Gopay for transaction..
very good online shop.
I wish there is an English version.
At last I installed the app, hoping it would be more helpful than opening the browser every time I want to buy something. But nope. The app doesn't function well. First time I tried to sign I couldn't get my OTP sent to me either by SMS or phone call. 5 times trials, I chose other sign in option, and at last were signed in. Not long after that I was trying to sign in again with no success attempt up until now. So yeah..please do something. I am very dissatisfied and disappointed..
Unable to print invoice with PDF format. FYI, i'm using Mi A2 Lite with latest OS Update There is no button "bikin struk", only download button on top left corner, but when save as PDF, the result = 0 Kb.
great apps and easy to use 👍.
The latest version sucks at its finest. It always asks me to check my internet connection when in fact, my internet connection is doing really fine. Furthermore, the loading time always gets me on my nerves. I have to wait forever after I click this and I click that, it wastes my time a lot. Tokopedia has been my one and only marketplace for ages, but this time I'm utterly disappointed in it. Fix these massive problems immediately or it is not impossible for Tokopedia to lose tons of its users..
Penuh dengan biaya2 siluman. Full off ripoff addons payment.
Hi, tokopedia. My tokopedia application seems to not work properly during last few weeks (I already updated the app to the latest version). The first time, I can't add items on my wishlist. It keeps saying error. And now, I can't buy or even add items on my cart. When I click the buy or add to my cart button, it keeps saying error all the time. So I can not buy items on tokopedia anymore. Can you please fix this issue, please?.
Everything is good. There is only one thing that is troubling, the limited shopping basket, I think it's better without any limitations or unlimited.
Beli pale voucher cashbck tapi ga cair cahsback nya dengan alasan melakukan pelanggaran, byee tokped,.
Got a really critical bug with the search function, and tried to email the dev, but got this reply instead: "Sorry, we can't make a ticket for you." Included within the email was a link to the in-app "contact us".... that also DOESN'T WORK and only send you back to FAQ. Oh, and the UI? Yep, it was terrible. Use it, and you'll probably notice how annoying it is. Why do I even bother using the app when the website is much easier....
so far,its the best online shop that i downloaded. please keep be the best.
I'm a Tokopedia user from opened until now. But I got to say that this latest updates is sucks. The apps always crash and force close without any reason. More over, the latest view on item selections is not too good than before updates. It's so confusing to see with all with soft edges box to differentiate each items selection. I wish you could come up with better appearance. So sorry to give you 2 stars now. I think I'll use other apps for now. Thanks for your service..
I have ever made transactions using home credit offline and everything was alright. But here, i tried to make online transaction and it said that i can't use it. So, I uninstalled it all over again. I thought after a long time, it would change, but my expectation was too high. After all, thank you for helping us..
there's trouble in birth date verification that hinders my shopping experience will edit this review once the issue is resolved.
Bad experience after updating my apps. Many parts of apps don't work smoothly. I always get the message "check your internet connection". I cannot monitor my buying. The new apps always blames the internet connection. In fact, there is nothing wrong with my internet connection. Other apps run well. If your newest update requires the highest system of OS, please do make warning to so that we will not update our apps. Fix this or lose your users!.
Very very recommended marketplace. Gb..
the app itself is very useful, but the lucky egg feature is a bit too much for me. i feel like, users should be able to turn off/on the vibration and sound since it's super annoying and maybe fast forward the animation a tiny bit. it bothers the user to actually crack multiple eggs in one time and can speed up the process of said egg cracking..
perfect partner for easy shoping 👍.
It's alright. It did it's job well enough. Been using it for 2 years but the recent feature really pissed me off; hence this review. The "influencer" update is alright before and I don't have to see em all the time, which is nice. It seems that it didn't work tho, at least by Tokopedia standard anyway because now IT SHOWS UP IN MY FEED EVERY 3-4 ENTRIES. It's hard enough before but now it's a shitshow! Can we please for love of god choose whether we want to see influecer's recommendations?.
It force to update because some features are not showing, but then it won't let me download，so i uninstall it completely thinking maybe the problem occur because the installed version. Apparently the new apps really does not exists in the apps store. The wheel is just running with no end for hours. 38MB file does not take hours to download, right? Or maybe tokopedia got the virus, so its also in quarantine.
The best e-commerce.
the best on-line shop, free shipping very helpful.
best online shop apps!!!.
Wirh this uodate, I'm unable to see where the progress of the courier is which in previous version, it is easy for me to track our goods. Please get this feature back. Tx.
This app is my only app for online shopping, trustable.
Aaaa, thank you after you collaborated with BTS I started to try shopping here and it turned out to be very comfortable, yes I really enjoyed this app, hopefully it will be more developed. 🥺❤.
Practical and useful. I don't buy things often, but this app really helps me to find things that are not available in nearest minimarkets and supermarkets. I noticed some minor errors like the wishlist stayed the same even though I had deleted some products on it. I tried to refresh it, but it didn't work. Eventually, I figure out that I just need to quit and return to the app one more time, then the wishlist will get back to work properly. Hopefully the newest update will solve this problem..
Best UI and UX.
Nice app  for shopping, selling and very userful. so far is good and easy to handle it.
usually this app was helpful,but since it updated to 3.41, I can't even do the payment needed whenever I want to buy something (whenever I pushed "pay" button, when usually we got some choices for doing the payment, it left me with a blank screen only with "payment" written on top of it). Plz correct this problem ASAP, and I'll give better rating for u..
Tokopedia undoubtedly has always been my #1 choice for marketplace app, my most favourite. But over the last 2 months, I can't recently see stuff on the wishlist, making it very difficult to memorize things and looking back what to buy before. Just figured out many friends and other users experience the same. The app lags frequently too, despite numerous times I've restarted/relogin after the update. Please fix this without us having to report one by one to IT support. Regards, thanks..
nice app, very helpful.
great platform for shopping, good item selection. though the costumer service is trash. once you stumble into a problem, it will be long waiting game. CS basically only ask us to wait 1x24 hour,or 2x24 hour till the problem resolve itself,you guys rely on system automation too much. on another e-commerce platform, a problem with payment like mine will be dealt almost instantly. currently three days waiting them to refund my payment..
Everything is all good except the visual of your app. Can you have another version that doesn't have the current ambassador's faces on all pages? I understand that you engaged with them in hope to get the attention of their fans too to know your platform, but it's really got out hands, please acknowledge not all your loyal customer has a pleasant experience to seeing their faces. A simple pages with our local models would be enough for the other version. Thank you in advance..
Recent update to the UI kind of confusing. The left sidebar is gone. I can't find the Hot List section anymore. Also harder to find the digital product section. The QR scanner should be moved someplace. Can you please stop messing with the UI again, because every update brings less and less accessibility..
I chose Tokopedia over its competitors due to its easy and simple platform design. But, it's getting VERY complicated. There is some info I saw once by accident and until now I still can't figure out how to check on it again. I feel like Tokopedia is shoving many unnecessary info down our throats. The ads are WAY TOO MANY, and everything everywhere is freaking suggested by them, it's getting on my nerves. Your shaking eggs are also getting very boring, please consider to redesign the whole thing.
As one of your loyal seller, really disappointed in the new update. It makes everything hidden and very frustrating as a seller. Make it simple, not complicated like this! Please roll back to the old version where everything is in one side bar, and i mean everything. Sucks so bad this update.
Latest update changes everything. Now the UI looks like a turd, and you can no longer adding product into your wishlist by pressing the heart icon on the top right corner of the product. Also for some reason the image just looks much bigger and it takes a lot more space and you have to scroll down even further than usual. What a shame, I've no idea how they keep adding some useless thing while simultaneously destroying the mobile experience. m.
Helpful app for daily needs.
It suddenly plays videos on the background, on its own, even when I'm not using the app. Very annoying and intrusive..
The latest app update is a mess. The app is crashing often and the sort of prices is not working, freezing issues pertaining to hate this app..
Best ecommerce app in indonesia.
i always love this apps until today, this is my first time trying the installment payment with credit cards, it says 0% installment and yet the bills come with 5% extra charge with "biaya pelayanan" rubbish, other shopping apps didnt charge for anything, or at least they do and telling us there's an extra charge for installment choice. transparency is what you need, its not what i get..
very good experience when use this application. it was few weeks ago when applied cancellation to my ticket here. even airlines not help so much and told to come directly to branch office, but only from application, customer service staff even make call directly to me and told to send which documents needed. and all done less than 24hours. really appreciate it. two thumbs up..
The features failed way too much (like the chat feature crashed or wouldn't load or it would ask you to try again later but still no improvement and you still couldn't load the chat. Experience it for probably 4 times already in this past 2 months. Tried to uninstall and install it again but still..).
I tried to login from my browser, forced to fill OTP pass via sms, didn't receive any sms inbox, resend the sms, have to wait 1 hour, trying to find the feedback form through webapp but redirected to login page haha. trying to disable the OTP but can't find the configuration on the app. please add proper 2fa feature!. and the floating egg with a kpop character is annoying, I just want to browse and buy some stuff, I don't need a silly egg.
Its a good app, albeit sometimes tend to be unstable but 1 major flaw is the ads, the intrusive godawful notifications that has ads in them. Im forced to turn off notifications completely from the app since 3/5 notifications that pop up is yours. Which is annoying since i cant see when my stuff is delivered or someone finally bought my things. Cut it out with the advertisements slipped in notifications, have some standards for god's sake..
Too much crashing and server problem. Tokopedia was good, it was simply a buy and sell site, very convenient. Now Tokopedia's so busy, annoying 'play' invitation, inbox spamming with official messages and other shops messages, i wish you erase all of those and get back to the 'vintage' Tokopedia that offer cozy marketplace where we could buy and sell. Your useless annoying new features bring no good but HEAVY BURDEN for your server and our smartphones. Please keep it simple like it used to be..
I've enjoyed using tokopedia for the past couple year already and I have loved all my purchases i made on tokopedia. Unfortunately, tokopedia recently change their user interface looks and it somehow makes the application load slower, and (i suppose) heavier. I use samsung galaxy note 9 and the memory and ram works fine (as for the usage of another heavy app) so i'd say the error was instead on the application..
The lastest update/change is disappointing. To force the consumers to use OVO is consumer's loss. Every Tokopedia cashback that we could use for transaction inside Tokopedia cannot be used anymore in Tokopedia. Instead, now, we only can use it inside OVO. OVO tenant where we can spend the points are limited. If we don't use it in OVO tenant, we have to use it for transaction of OVO's digital product, which is not as flexible and various as Tokopedia's digital product. I understand that with Google has a share in Tokopedia, it becomes more capitalist than it used to be. But this decision is a mere disappointment. Tokopedia, you have a position of bargain to push OVO to let OVO points be used inside Tokopedia, for every things Tokopedia sells, either for transaction of Tokopedia's digital product or in Tokopedia's tenant. I'm not the only one who disappoint on your decision. Review it and take a wise decision about it. Unless you want to lose us. It's better to kick OVO out of your system..
Very bad memory optimization, force closed at 5 minutes scrolling...
Why can not success update, usually processing update are stopped at 64%-97%, please fixed it on google playstore...!! Also about main hall please changes to be better, like as bukalapak, or the others apps..
Never save your card number in tokopedia. Will automatic transact without OTP verification. And always error when changes verification setting to bank instead of tokopedia. Try some method mobile web browser, pc web browser the result still same. Error! Delete your save card number. Customer service does not helping. No solution, they should be responsive on the feedback. Ask your developer too investigate! instead of asking customer to check! It's not pleased!!!.
Hi there, i'm loyal user since 2013. this App is now getting more and more hard to use / not user friendly. Recently when i type the product i want to look for in the search bar, the app redirect me to "atasan wanita B" tried it about 50x times, all redirect me to that "atasan wanita B". it's frustrating. Please tell me how i supposed to look for items i want to buy? And as other users said, this toped app is now full of unecessary feature. Super bloated. Will update my rating if u fix it later..
Now the user interface is just way too cluttered and less intuitive. Don't pack too many stuff into a single page, it looks like a complete mess now. I've been using tokopedia for many years now and pretty satisfied with the service, but the app's UI just getting worse. Bad UI would lead into bad UX..
There is nothing wrong with the app itself, but everytime i want to shop or just look around, my account can't be opened, and the chat system can't work, they keep telling me to try again. Can you fix this ?.
Quite inconvenient for selling digital product since it requires us sellers to send physical goods. Another problem is about refund to credit card. It takes 14 working days for God's sake, meanwhile another shopping platform (Tokopedia's contender) is able to do it in only 1-2 working days..
I'm enjoy with this application. It helps to find some things what i need..
Nice place for shopping.
Update to ver 3.16 because can't retrieve information on Account tab. But, in this 3.16, app name changed to Tokopedia Lite. Account tab can be accessed but how come I can not upload picture of item wanted to sell? The were only some square that intended to touch for browsing picture file that needed to be upload but it seemed that interface didn't react.
The last update makes me difficult to use this apps. In every launch, tokopedia reported that I have no internet connection and requested to check my internet connection, whereas in fact my internet connection is good and I can access all network data and apps, except tokopedia. I cannot access my inbox, my shopping cart, and cannot do shopping obviously. The apps is now also sluggish and RAM consuming. I miss the old tokopedia where shopping was easier and faster..
I think we should be able to filter our choices, like the price range, the seller city/locations, etc. It will be so much easier. And in some photos from the review, the seller change the photo! And please put real pictures only..! Thanks..
Very efficient if you want to do online shopping if you dont have the time to do so or just looking for an item. They almost have everything i need from sports equipment to video game license keys. One problem is the price of the delivery. Its quite expensive if you want it sent on the same day. Overall, this is a good app for online shopping..
Dear Tokopedia, please help. My application is not working properly, it said some kind of error connection and should try again.. it has been 5 days for it cannot be used properly due to error connection, but it can't be possible since i use the best provider in Indonesia, Telkomsel *cough*. Is it only my Tokopedia that cannot runs smoothly, or others too? Is it because Covid-19? I don't know. But please fix it, i need to sell my stuff for #DiRumahAja..
Excellent application. It's so help me to do the transaction..
Cant log in or see my account, inbox, profile, notification. Selalu muncul: terjadi kesalahan ACB001. Sdh uninstalled dan installed ulang 3x tetap sama. What's the problem?.
Using since 2016, I've always love how Tokopedia looks and works: Lightweight, informative, and no hassle for "Click More". All available in one page. Since their latest update, things are getting worse. Now I have to add some extra seconds to find the seller's display collections (Etalase) because now it's hidden. Not cool anymore..
Update at your own risk. So, I was a frequent user of this fraction yet useful capability to sort things by its sales performance. But then, they decide to remove the feature, out of the blue. Why they let this slip through their finger? What about the golden rule of "never repair something that isn't broken"? I know you guys might or might not read this. But the "sort by sales performance" is something they shouldn't remove. Bring it back to increase the rating..
App is good but cannot dismiss/hide unwanted items recommended by tokopedia. Also customer privacy is apparently non existent. The complete item name are printed in detail outside packaging, letting people know what items I buy..
This program is very useful when you want to buy somethjng from online shop.. It has many categories.. even the healthy toys sold in this application. But need more improving on delivery tracking, sometimes the maps got stuck and not moving.. and the driver already arrived at the destination but on the maps, the driver still far away. Overall this application is the best..
Please Don't UPDATE !! After i updated new version is totally can't open my Tokopedia application is CRASH... Last version before update is better than new update version now. Fix it please!!.
Good app shop.
frustated, every single time I'm browsing (i.e. search result) and accidentally tilt my device, the display mode change from small grids(tile) to big grid, and when i tried to change it back to small grid, my scrolling got reset! so i have to scroll from the beginning again..!!! please fix it. sorry for 1 star, i just hope i got your attention. btw, would be great if search function could search using portion of words (as an option maybe),.
This application aften crash without response from its server especially when there is any issue with seller product such as Komplain. Search engine is also not smart enough and often miss to find items which are actually available especially medical product or medicines, so the search result is suspiciously being selective on purpose by the application..
You gotta be kidding me Tokopedia. Whenever I open this app, it just keeps crashing. This always occurs after 10-20 seconds after I open the app. Tokopedia, please fix this problem!. I really don't like using the web version. I will add 5 stars if you fix the problem. Edit: It's fixed now..
Good application and easy to use. will be more helpful if: 1. easy to redeem points! 2. gifts and appreciation to loyal customers. 3. searching and sorting features for all goods/invoices already done to reviews and repeat order . 4. clear steps/SOP and facilitate the goods return process if complaint happens. 5. fix the bugs during transactions, especially if the goods not ready or the store closed but can't erase the goods from the list and can't go to payment steps..
my favourite e-commerce.
nice apps to buy everythings...already become a loyal member of toped....
[BUG] As a user, I'm not supposed to receive PLN/PDAM billing reminder/notification if I already pay for it. Seems it's automatically sent on the 6th day of a month without checking the billing status. [Update from 3 star to 1 star]. It's recurring issue, every month. Suggestion from CS didn't solve the root cause..
Best app for Army and BTS.
The app was excellent. But the policy/rule put buyer in the weak side. When buyer chose instant or same day delivery, this Tokopedia allows seller to deliver the item with extra up to 5days, for seller preparing the item (so, pointless delivery options) - buyer is loosing money as buyer need to buy the item again from other sources to get it in time whilst the seller does not want to cancel/refund the transaction and would max his right of that 5d. I was there and so disappointed. Uninstalling..
Lately Tokopedia app is making it difficult to update because it requires user to delete large amount of storage space. In my case a free space of 600 Mb is still not enough to update the app. So I have not been able to update and have to use other on line shopping source. Sorry Tokopedia..
My favorite marketplace. Can order easily. Automatic confirmation. Many choice of payment. I always go for KlikBca though. It is just make the whole transaction time-efficient. Also I often got vouchercodes. Not much but still useful. Ah, i am also happy to know we can donate via this marketplace. Oh i just remember, it is now possible to top up e-money. Damn. I love Tokopedia. I hope Tokopedia can bring more official brands to sell their products on its platform..
The Best app for shopping..
Fitur login melalui fingerprint knp error ya?.
Was used to open this app very often back ago, until I found another marketplace app which offer free shipping and many deals, but yeah I still keep it in my phone since this marketplace can be used to compare price over things I need. - edited : due to the response of the developer, I'm very happy and will consider to open this app regularly just like I used to be. Thanks~.
Recommended for the digital product, there is many cashback voucher I can use to purchase..
This app is so amazing i can buy so much stuff.
Application is so heavy that every time I open it, it takes long time to load all those pictures, even though my wifi connection and my snapdragon 855 have no problem at all. Sometimes, the app goes crash then end up with black screen, and I had to kill it, and reopen it..
Too many dishonest sellers there. Bought a motherboard & it came with leaking capacitors. Requested refund, not only have to pay for shipping but must pay packaging fees. Ordered a spray bottle, the nozzle is missing, same thing happened. Many sellers just send damaged goods to customers & Toped cared for nothing!.
This application very sucks, coz what? My account cant login but only in this stupid aplication. At the website, i still can login. But the problem is i cant go to the customer service via website, and they Asking us to go to the twitter or facebook. Link also cant teach to the cust service. Very dumb response.!!!!!!!!!!!! Even the admin also not educated..
simple to operate, the best market place that I've ever used..
Search function is a bit slow. For seller that has not been active for sometimes, just terminate and don't show them and their items at all, to minimize our time to search things. Some of the pictures of the items are dark, I think it should be reviewed by tokped first proor to uploading.
I've already put number of items in the cart, but when I want to choose some items and check those out, the app always crashes and close itself. That was really really really annoying. I repeat once more "ALWAYS" because I've tried many times and always failed (the app crashes again and again). I put many items in the cart on THE OTHER MARKETPLACE APP but it doesn't crash like Tokopedia app. Please fix it sooner..
I even can not login for the first time i used this app! It said that the connection was interupted but only on this app. Pls fix it..
Simple used and helpfull.
I got problems using my vouchers since it's updated. I used my voucher but it didn't appear, so I didn't get the cashback, while it was stated already that I would receive 10% cashback. I've read it carefully before payment n I'M NOT BLIND! That statement would only appear if I use my voucher! So, OF COURSE I'VE USED THE VOUCHER I GOT !! Once I got a gift card but failed to redeem till almost expired. Then I got 2 gift cards again, but TOPED nvr sent me the code to redeem, lol funny ! UNINSTALLED.
Helps a lot with paying bills and shopping..
GREATT! Too long loading pics guys.. that is serious problem to online shop app i think.. how could we buy the products without seeing the products picture? don't you test the apps before releasing in play store? Can't you compress or reduce or change the product pic format so it can loading faster? I think you can if you're not lazy developer.. many users have the same problem with me :).
Feeling bad with customer service CS ga bisa dihubungi and I prefer previous UI pada saat checkout. UIX yang baru membinggungkan.
It was a great reliable app to buy the needed products, keep the great work!.
They cancelled my cashback twice and accused me of "breaking Tokopedia terms&conditions". They refused to open up how I broke their terms and conditions and told me its classified and "Im not allowed to know and Im wrong". This is a very unfair policy and decision from Toped. Prefer Shopee or other marketplace as they do not cheat users like this..
Easy & VeyUseful App.. 👍👍.
Oftentimes a little confusing with all the features and buttons, sales and whatnot. But after a bit of adjusting, I'm getting used to it somewhat. Discounts and cashbacks can be very luring and convenient due to its collab with OVO. I don't quite appreciate the many notifications especially in the middle of the night. But overall it's a great platform. Payment system is flexible and safe. My favourite online-shopping platform for now :D.
Using coupons in their system and using payment, but they said it's not readed in system to receive cashback. Already giving screen shots of payment where I already choose the coupon. They said it's not readed in system. When real problems is why the coupon cannot be read at system. They have critical bug and not noticed it. Everything fine until they pushing selling too hard, and when bug found, they ignored it as customer fault. Nice job tokopedia. Nice job.
love the app there are a lot of high end products for a very good discounted price. LOVE IT!!! Also I just recently signed back into my wish account after quite a few years of not being on it, and guess what I was even more impressed. There's a lot more stuff/randomness, a wide variety of products. Plus there are quite a few more features that wasn't yet available at the time but now are. JUST AMAZING VERH GOOD JOB WITH THIS APP. I'll be recommending this to everyone I know, 5++ stars. Thanks..
Pretty good 👍 app. But watch out for two things: the advertised price can double, quadruple, or more by the time you actually buy item in your cart: and the shipping costs can be small, ok, or astronomical ( not worth the purchase). Bottom line, with some care, you can get some fantastic deals..
I really like the app it is well designed and easy to use. As for products, it has been hit or miss. About half of my orders were misleading in some way. Like a 100 watt solar panel that says it's 1000 watts or a fake 256gb usb that's really 8gb. Wish has been good about refunding on those. l would like Wish to step up their game in screening and elimiating the unscrupulous vendors. It's false advertising. Be sure and read the ad very carefully. Especially, if the price is really low or Free..
Update: uninstalling for good! Still having the same problem even after reporting it. They in turn twisted the problem like it was my doing. I got no satisfaction at all for reporting the problem and they're obviously not interested in fixing it. For those of you still having a problem and can't get any satisfaction then maybe you should uninstall too! What's the point in keeping a shopping app if you can't purchase anything?.
I like the app. The prices are amazing for the (mostly) good quality purchases! But, one bad thing about this app, is how the shipping is often more than the product itself or, within a few dollars. This is so frustrating, honestly, I would rather pay a higher price for items and just have shipping included. Shipping prices are crazy ridiculous too, even if it's an international order. I would buy from Wish more often if they offered free shipping occasionally & better promo codes..
The only down side to wish is the wait. Outside of that, I love wish. Pay attention to reviews and you won't get trash and if something isn't right, Wish will fix it without giving you a headache about it. I've bought so many different items and I was never disappointed. One item came in broken and they refunded that same day. Get faster shipping and I'll spend more money. I use Amazon for time sensitive items even if I have to pay a little more..
Shop carefully. Check reviews on the app and YouTube for product and then again on seller. Double check price and quantity in cart, sometimes it increases. Packaging for shipping needs a lot of work as well as speed. I used to love the fact that you can find more related items. Now it seems to show you a few and a bunch of junk not related. Would be better if you had the choice of putting it in your cart or a wish list, instead of having to put it in your cart first..
I love wish , it's affordable, but now I get a but frustrated. When all the products are on the screen then there is a price (for example R99) but when I open it then the price changes (for example R280). This really is frustating I have had the problem for a while. I uninstalled the app and installed it again but stil it does the same. And everything is sold out. I hope you could fix it..
Everything seems to be sold out. Very annoying when trying to shop. Yes, I did download the newest version. Just a bunch of low prices to draw people in. Then those items are sold out. If they are sold out, why are the items still posted on your site? Can you not have a filter setting so I can eliminate all the sold out product you advertise?.
I can't even get on the app most times. It tries to load, but is just a blank screen. Also, I spent a ton on a bed frame (the last time the app worked), but the holes for the screws didn't line up. They wouldn't refund without a picture of the box it came in (which I had already taken to recycling). Product quality is lacking. App is unreliable and wont load 90% of the time..
It's an okay shopping app but there's quite a few things I don't like. My notifications always says new and I have to browse through each one but the red dot remains. Alot of items I try to catch on sale, I never get. Shipping cost too much on certain items. Some items don't give enough information about it. But I would recommend anyone to try it out. I still use it at times still..
Initially I was loving the app (as items would arrive on time and sometimes early), but lately none of the packages arrive. I have also contacted the local post office to see if any packages with the provided tracking number have been kept in transit hub (as on the app it shows that they are there), and they tell me that such tracking number is does not appear in their system. I hope this can be arranged. It is a shame that I am forced to get a full refund and not the desired items..
I've been using this app for years and never had any issues with it until the last couple updates. First it takes forever to load some product pages and some payment pages. I wish they'd go back to having any wish cash you have automatically be listed as payment or somehow to be able to set it as your automatic payment when going into your cart. That's how it used to be and was so much easier and time saving. Also I've tried uninstalling, reinstalling, shutting cell down, nothing helps..
I've only ever had one problem with this app and that was a few years ago. Nothing but a simple mixup with the description. Do you have to wait a little longer? Yeah, it's not amazon prime. However, the wait is so worth it sometimes. I've never not loved what I got, even with the mix up. Great app and great outcomes. Just pay attention, read reviews, take sizes into consideration, etc and it'll be great!.
Love the app! The prices are great for what you get. The downfalls are the shipping costs, the time it takes to be delivered and luring people in with a "70%" coupon code and it only gives you 5% when applied! Major BS! I'll continue to order only because I like the items. Most are hard to find at random times of the year. I'll up my star rating if one or more of these things change..
love this app. If delivery was within 3 weeks forsure and you actually was able to receive the big discounts where you purchase items for like 50 cents about the same for shipping and are notified within 24/48 hours if you were one of the few that got the chance to buy them. I did a study to see if any of myself and friends would receive the chance and we tryed to purchase alot, little, one and repeated it and never was able to actually be a "chosen one" ..
Occasionally you'll find good deals on here for electronics and toys. I've had the rare issue with the app, usually in how it loads, but not often. Yes, you have to wait longer for these items in general, but not always. Always fun to shop on this app, since I'm always seeing something fun or completely new to me..
The wish app needs to be updated. It lags and there's no pics at times it's like it freezes. I think that customer service needs to be more trained in how they communicate with the customers. Sometimes u go round and round and it gets more and more frustrating. It's like they don't know what your talking about and they just make-up anything that sounds good. The customer support in app needs work as well. U should be able to interact with customer support more to be able to ask it more questions.
I have liked the clothes. Make sure you check the actual size (inches/centimeters). The shipping has been not good. Has taken months fir a few items to arrive yet either it came or the refunded it with no problem :). Prices are decent yet not true to what is on the ad. They change it right then to add shipping I believe. That is sort of nice though as you don't have to guess the real cost. Shipping is pretty high but mostly offset by reasonable prices. Clothing has been true to what I purchased..
Great products, great prices!!! Sometimes what you purchase isn't quite the quality the pictures shows but hey! The prices are perfect!! Would love to have some kind of deal options on shipping but I'm not really sure if that could be possible. Overall I would recommend this site & return myself to purchase items!!.
I have been trying to login for 2months now and it keeps giving me an error message, saying I should login using facebook but that doesn't work either. I uninstalled and reinstalled again but still nothing. I don't even know how or why they logged me out in the 1st place..
When i first downloaded the app it was awesome. Even made a purchase and am expecting its arrival soon. After i recieve this i will be deleting, for 1 reason. Every single item is sold out, or at least for me. I say that because my buddy has the app and looks at the same items and he can buy them, but i cannot.
So many items never arrived! When asked if you want a refund is says return refund to original payment (card) or Wish cash. I asked several times for it to be returned to my card and not once did it do it. Always sent straight into Wish cash so you use it to buy more rubbish only for it to never appear. Absolute rip off!! Automated response, replied like you asked and you still refuse to refund to my card. Still no change months later. Now you can't get through to customer support at all!!.
The site is easy to navigate, no freezing or losing connection. You can look and wish for hours-a great inventory! I love the ship to a store feature, not having to worry about being stolen from your own mailbox or patio. The app allows you to move between different tabs to check out different shipment offers too!.
The app is not that great at all. I waited 3 months for my package and when I contacted support because I didn't receive my package, they gave me a refund even though I didn't ask for one. Not good at all Wish. Other than that, you can find almost anything. I just wish that I had a good experience since it was my first time ordering..
I added my wishlist to the cart. Some just for me to save my wishlist to make me asy for next search. However, when i want to proceed payment, i cant select which item i need to buy at that moment. No option to select which to pay. All in cart need to checkout together. Why? I can select which one i want to pay first on aliexpress but here in Wish anything in cart should be checkout all together. Hmm.. and even my address isnt verified address. Help.
I understand that the refund is under process and will probably take 14 days to reflect into my account. I will wait for 14 days and check with the bank. However, I would like to feedback that there is no option to choose for wish cash for the pay later option. It would be more convenient for this function to be available. And also, the refund details only state the full purchase to be refunded and not the 1st installment that was actually paid. Kindly update that into the order details. Thank y.
Been using this app for years & of course it's had its ups and downs. Right now the problem is the "opened" amount of time. When I am messaging someone on there and they happen to open it and not respond, the app says opened however many seconds or minutes I've been had the app OPENED. NOT when they ACTUALLY open it. I hate it because it looks like they've just seen it but who knows how long ago they looked at it. It's pretty annoying. I thought this would be fixed after couple updates but nope..
I know people have had problems but I have these rules and Ive never been disappointed. 1. always read the descriptions, 2. check the reviews, especially ones with picture, 3. check dimensions, there's a big difference between mm, cm and inches, 4. don't rely on things coming early. And the big one is 5. Don't expect a £200 dress for £2, if it seems too good to be true it probably is..
Not really impressed with the Wish platform at the moment. For the last week each time I click on anything to buy , when it goes to the item screen to click BUY it all of a sudden changes to SOLD OUT. No matter what i try to buy in the end the square box goes from BUY to SOLD OUT. This haopens on the APP and the website. Customer Support has been useless as they dont read what my problem is and reply back with generic cut and paste email responses that have notning to do with the problem..
Great app...easy to use with lot of great deals. You have to make sure you read the descriptions and measurements to make sure you are getting what you. Sometimes getting in touch with a real person is not easy if you have a problem. I have made NUMEROUS purchases on Wish over the years and I am happy with 95 percent of my purchases. If you can wait for delivery on some items, which can take up to a month, it is worth it. Plus many sellers have in store pick up so you save a lot on shipping..
i have bought many things and i can say that the app is absolutely wonderful but i have to take a star away because of the amount of time it takes to get the products you order. other than that i love using wish, i probably spend at least an hour a day on it even if i dont buy anything its fun to look around a bit..
It's honestly kind of difficult to even comprehend the sheer amount of items available, the immeasurable diversity & selection of said items, and the prices for the most part are almost too good to be true! Granted, you DO need to read item descriptions carefully, as sometimes when you think you're about to purchase one specific thing, in reality you could be about to buy a different item that's just associated to what you wanted, or a version slightly different in appearance and/or quality..
I have ordered a robe and received it yesterday. I absolutely love it!! It fits perfectly!! And is VERY warm and comfortable. And I am pleased with my order. I think that it was a little bit high priced. But I have looked around in stores and couldn't find anything that would provide me with the pleasure of what I found. I am pleased with my purchase. Thank You!!.
This app is terrible. It seems like a great deal. It really does, but you don't get the item you bought. If you do it's damaged or they've substituted it with something else. My sister once bought a dress and received a pair or arm warmers. Heaven forbid you have to request a refund, you'll have to wait another month and then 'oh well the refund period ended'. It's not worth it, order from an online vendor. It's a little more expensive but often you get an actual tracking number or date..
Do not rate this at all. Only used it once to order a few things, but nothing was as expected. The adverts are very misleading. Add that to the fact that the majority of the time items double in price once you click on them and I would say the app is a waste of time. Will be uninstalling and not recommending..
I like being able to browse the products. There's a good search option, and it's easy to navigate. One downfall is, don't ever order the clothes. They're cheap quality, and usually don't fit properly. They're nothing like the photos. But, that being said, I will ship for other things no problem!.
You could find interesting stuff, but beware of misleading listings. I just found one, for set of tools, which says 9/205 pcs of tools and shows 7 pictures, 6 of which are from completely different set and the last one shows the actual item, which you could buy. The description also shows first the long info about the first (and impossible to buy) big set and then for the actual item, tucked conveniently and the bottom.Of course, you could request refund, but is it worth the postage to China?.
Used to love the App, but the shipping has gotten out of hand. I had four items in my cart two pairs of shoes and two tops. The shipping came out to be nearly $50. I wound up emptying my basket and finding my items online elsewhere for a much more appropriate rate. Also, many items are advertised as $3 (or something cheap) but when you go to get your size or pick what you want it jumps up in price significantly usually in the 20's. Y'all need to chill with your prices. Thank you..
The best i can describe it as is misleading. Everything i add to cart virtually doubles in price, no matter what size or colour or advert i use.. Prices are set to trick you into paying more in my eyes. Surprised it's allowed to trade in the uk. Uninstalling asap.. Although they'll probably bombard me with spam emails now they have my email address, big mistake..
After newest update I can't open the app properly. Just keeps loading on a white, blank screen, with the blue menu visible, but no response when It ry to tap on it. Just keeps loading. Worked fine yesterday, opened it up an hour ago to this issue, tried to update the app, restart phone, and such things. Still nothing..
It was fun cheap but very slow. After the last thing never showed they said that it returned to them about a year later and they took my money . Than I could not make purchases. And now they will not let me delete wish. Yes I've tried all the things the say to do. I'll never do anything like this again. It's not worth it!.
I used to order so much stuff from this app, then all the sudden literally everything I click on says SOLD. So I stopped using the app for a few years and tried again. Same thing. I click thru every single thing on my feed and it says sold... and along with this, the prices change once I click on it. So if an item says $5, when I click on it, it changes from $5 to $12... I don't understand...I have tried reinstalling many times with nothing fixed..
As long as you carefully read the product description you should be ok. Sometimes photos can make things look giant sized, then you read & it's for a doll's house or something like that. I have had 1 purchase where I was expecting something else but I learnt from that. Also the picture might show 5 of something so you think you're getting all 5 but then only 1 shows up..
Apply Wish promo 👉(c c f z b j r v) & get $5 wish cash. A bit buggy, but it's a great app with lots of features and colours, it's easy to use and isn't as complicated as the other drawing apps. The reason why I gave it 4 stars is because sometimes when I select a colour I can't get back to my drawing and I have to close and reopen the app, another reason is when I save a drawing to my gallery, I have to remember to exit it or it won't be stored properly, it would be nice if there was auto save..
Love the app, lots of varied & interesting content & people. I have given a 3. 0.5 is for no ability to edit. The other 1.5 is for discrimination for age, disability, gender reassignment, marriage and civil partnership, pregnancy and maternity, race, religion or belief, sex, sexual orientation, mental health abuse, grooming & lots more. It gets reported & doesn't get taken down quick enough or you won't. It would be a happier place if you banned these accounts for life. No chances, you're out!.
so i like this app...my issue is the wish ads..when im on another site i see your wish ads, i click on the "shop now" which brings me to the app..however it DOES NOT bring me to the actual item i selected to "shop now"...so now i have to try and locate the item (which i may not know whatbits actually called) and the wish ad DOES NOT have the item name in it...it sucks, cause i want the item but i cannot find it...
I have in my posession 2 mobile phones V60 and cant recall the other V60 doesn't recognise any sum card not even its own memory card sent by them. The other mobile came with very little instructions and cannot be opened to add the battery nor sim card! After numerous complains, Wish has done everything to delay the process till it gets to beyond the 1 months refund time scale. Since I paid by card I will get my bank to claim it back for me. Corona virus difficulties, delays is only for them..
I just discovered Wish, where I found that the price to which you are able to see, charges, as soon as you click the buy now at a lower price! AS SOON AS I CLICKED IT! NOT TOO MENTION THAT THERE SD CARDS ARE CONFUSING TO BE ABLE TO UNDERSTAND THE WAY THEREIN WRITTEN! TO WHICH WHEN THEIR CONNECTING BUY LINK, IS CLICKED, THERE IS ALL CARDS LISTED SEPERATE, AND PRICED BY SIZE! WHICH DOESN'T SYNC WITH THE ADOBE TO THEIR SD CARDS LISTED PRICE, COMPARED TO THEIR ACTUAL SELLING VALUE.
very good.dont look like you can get the limited on sale items.can never get them always getting money refunded.i will believe you can accually get it when i do until then i will tire of it probably and eventually quit buying here.should be able to get one every once in a while.ive got none yet.im suspicious about it of course.didnt think this was the lottery..
Ever since the latest Wish App update that installed 12 hours ago, the Wish App won't load. All I get is the spinning wheel of death. Just received my Beats Studio 3 Bluetooth headphones today and I want to review them, but can't cuz app won't load. I anticipate these headphones to be as good as the Bose Soundlink Mini 2 Bluetooth speaker that I ordered and received last month..
With the exception of one item which was too small despite I ordering a large size and the fact that the photo of it was significantly different to the actual item, my experience of using wish has been reasonably good. I ordered hoodies for my partner and we both love them. Large selection of a variety of items and many are reasonably priced. However shipping charges are high for some products. I rate this app 7 out of 10.
The app is good. They need to add a shortcut to go directly to the wishlists. They should also screen for false advertising. A couple of rings I bought were advertised as 925 silver and genuine stones. They were certainly not. Also get someone to proofread the descriptions some of the translations are terrible (some are funny as heck though) As to the electric bicycle kits, 750 watts is the highest wattage legal in the u.s. I'm surprised you don't get a lot of returns because of that..
Great discounts (although I'm not tempted by many as I'm a firm believer of you get what you pay for) and easy App to use. But OMG Wish, you send FAR too many emails. I've made one purchase and you're spamming me more than daily. Do I seem like a customer who is jumping at your offers? No - so enough already!.
App keeps stalling every time I get on. Can never complete a purchase. Ya'll losing money. Plus you make too much money anyway to have this issue. Fix it already! Frustrating. To your reply..... that's not the issue. I can't even finish shopping and it stalls.
Love how you can get Name Brand Products at a huge discounted price. Also , now you can get certain items you choose from a store near you for pick up option for their same low price. Spin wheel for discounts and free gifts daily. Make multiple lists of items you want and you can share your lists with anyone on the app if you want to for them to see items in same catagory that you found. Easy to use- keeps track of everything for you. They do make shopping fun here for sure. 👍from me..
most things I have purchased from wish have been exactly like the pucture but I must say somethings have been way off from the picture. I will still rate them a 5 overall I am happy with their products. I recommend it if you don't have a lot of money to spend but love fashion and like to shop then WISH is an excellent choice...enjoy!@.
Apply Wish promo code 👉(c c f z b j r v) & get $5 wish cash. Really, greatful! This game is awesome and I love playing it. But the thing I don't like is when I watch ads to get coins or rewards the ads never seem to work? Sometimes if an ad works it's a blank screen. But most of the time it's just a glitch where the game menu is shown and a timer for the ad and when the timer is over the game turns off and I have to open it again without and rewards. If this is a big please fix it. Thank you..
I've never seen anything better or cheaper, the range of goods that is for sale, plus the offer's that are available to you is, unbelievable. They sell more thing's, than you can shake a stick at, Also you need to watch out for the postage, as sometimes you pay more for it than the item is worth. The other thing is that the offer's They put up for grab's is ridiculously priced at a £1, you then have to pay for the p&p, and you never get it as you haven't paid for the item before the end of time..
The app takes too long to open up. I think Wish should REQUIRE jewelry sellers to specify if gems are natural, lab created, CZ, crystal/glass, etc., & the metals as gold filled, gold plated over the ACTUAL base metal, pure gold or .925 silver, etc. Personally, I won't buy from sellers who don't specify these things. SOME SELLERS DO. Whether I want costume jewelry or the real deal, it should be clear as to what I'm purchasing. Please fix the seller requirements, Wish! I LOVE the prices, though!.
Apply Wish promo code 👉(c c f z b j r v) & get $5 wish cash. Latest UI is good but New update is awful. By default chat bubble always appears on the left. Notifications no longer clear once you've read the chat, you have to manually clear it. When you open a bubble it pops to the middle and the bottom and top of the screen are just empty wasted space. Can no longer view all chats from the bubble, have to go launch the actual app There was nothing wrong with the way it was, this update is awful!.
So far most packages are delivered early or on time and look considerably close to the advertised photos. Aside from that the app is quite simple and straightforward, however some descriptions are unnecessarily long or repetitive. Overall a very convenient and money efficient app with relatively high quality products at amazing prices.
This app was good until it started having its problems . its not letting me purchase anything . i tried uninstalling then installing again and now its not letting me sign into my account !!!! Major problem for me . such a shame i use to love this app now i cant even use it anymore and its been months like this..
Lots of stuff and good deals on wish shopping just try to be patient you will get the best deals😁. Update November 6 I don't know what happened to all the deals the prices are higher than usual now it's charging tax and you're lucky to get a 5% off LOL you would think wish would have some killer deals from Black Friday free shipping and tax free with low prices Walmart is having killer deals for Black Friday every weekend till Christmas I will update again if I see something change dramatically.
Wish chose a bad time for me to stop giving five stars for everything. That said, Wish is almost entirely awesome. Every once in awhile, a shipment or an item just will not show up. It's always a small thing, and it's not really their fault. Meaning, if you do a thousand things, one of them is going to be messed up. And with that one, you then have to decide; how much is your time worth? Worrying about the $3 item that you ordered a month ago? I think you just let it go..
Don't buy anything off of wish because it is a RIP off app and they will make unauthorized transactions without your permission and if you have a credit or debit card then they will prey upon people with a bank account and I could not access my money until I proved who I was and it took 10-14 days just to new debit card all because the wish app wanted to be theives..
I love this app! They have almost any and everything you can think of, want or need or never heard of before it's fun and easy to use and safe/Cheap and I love that you can earn points and cash plus coupons. if I ever had to choose a App to be my favorite I'd definitely have no doubt it would BE WISH..
I have used Wish for years but now I do not trust them. Since May, I never received several items I paid for. I clicked on each item in my order history that was not received. If you mark you haven’t received the item the Wish app displays a notification to wait and contact Wish again at a later date. So I waited patiently because I was being considerate about the political and COVID related shipping delays. Wish even posted notifications about the shipping delays on its site. After waiting even longer as instructed by the notification, I checked the tracking information again. The tracking information clearly shows that the items were never even shipped. I went back through the Wish Assistant app. The Wish Assistant app then states that I am ineligible for a refund because it has past their 30-day policy regarding the delivery date. I then emailed Support through the options that were given on the Wish Assistant app. The replies that I received from Support said I needed to go through the Wish Assistant app to get a refund even though that is how the email to Support was generated. I am shocked that Wish is refusing to right this situation by remitting a refund for the items that I never received. I find it unconscionable that I am getting the run-around, no support, and clearly the whole process is a deceptive practice so that the customer cannot get refunded..
I would recommend wish to friends. I have been a regular wish shopper for at least 4 years. I have happy totally until a few months ago. I get upset when an item is shown at 2$ but when you go to buy it is much more expensive. That never used to happen. Another thing I've noticed is for example for 1$ which was at least 8$ cheaper than I would expected. However postage was 60$ which is unbelievable. Maybe 4$ postage would be acceptable. This is my only problem. I can't guess how much money I have spent in 4 years. I would say I spend at least 30$ per month at a minimum. I really do love wish.
I enjoy shopping on the wish app but when I purchase a product that has sold out I only receive what I paid for said product and NOT the postage. Generally the postage is priced HIGHER than the product. For example, if a product is $2.77 then the postage is $5.00. I really should get $7.77 since that is what I have paid..
I love this app. The items usually come before or on the day they expect. The only thing is if I don't get an item sometimes I only get a partial refund. I don't find that fair. If I don't receive an item I should get a full refund. With that being said, they are so good giving me credit for what i don't receive. If you guys fix the partial refund issue I will be totally comfortable giving 5 stars.
Not a bad app but far too many notifications. I uninstalled because I was tired of 10 notifications each day, some right after each other. More than one a day is too many. Fix the push notifications and I might reinstall..
I have made purchases of dozens of useful items through this app and have not been disappointed once with the products or service. My latest purchase was a lightweight tactical vest to be worn over my bullet resistant vest to make ancillary equipment more accessible and to increase carrying capacity. I am a retired Army combat veteran serving in a militia/paramilitary organization..
It's good app the only thing is the adds none stop I always have to uninstall this app because even thou I turn off the adds you guys some how manage to get through it and it's annoying I don't need anybody to keep reminding me I don't want to see specials discounts or anything when I need to buy something I'll go to the up other wise can u stop sending adds please. It gets anoying.
I find that with wish,it is to difficult to use,as i would buy more but the time seems to run out more to seller's benifit , so you end up paying more than i intended, it also takes a long time to work out what is really going on,also no way to check the total cost until it is to late.
This app has a long way to go before I'd consider using Wish with any regularity. I've made 1 order so far. Making the order was easy enough, across the 3 different suppliers. However, after ordering, any trace of the order disappears. I've received one item out of 3, fine, different sellers = different lead times. However, I have no way of tracking the other items because there is no record on the app of the order ever having been placed ! This is a big issue, reducing confidence in the app.
so this site is interesting because you can find anything on it for a fraction of the cost elsewhere. however, you definitely have to wait for it as seldom do things make it to me in less than 2 weeks. if you're in a hurry, get prime. also, the quality of things you do receive is hit or miss. I've gotten amazing things for really cheap and really cheap things for really cheap. so it's a gamble but I still gave 4 stars because of the ratio of wins being higher than losses. roll the dice!.
Apply Wish promo code 👉(c c f z b j r v) & get $5 wish cash. Really, it's superb and very reliable app. Recently I've experienced small issues with Google. Whenever I search something up, the ALL section is white. And when I press IMAGES nothing appears, as in no results. I have to refresh and type in my search again, and then It works. This happens whenever I'm using Google on my phone, but it doesn't happen on my laptop. Please look into this. Other than that, quite pleased with the app!! ☺️.
Over all some great deals! But you really have to know exactly what your looking at/for!Do the research and know exactly what your buying.If you see truck or car accessories you like and you see something in the discription that says 1:10,1/24 or 1:5… It's gonna be to scale and is a toy or prop..
i like some of there products .reasonable pricing on some. they do need better update systems. a customer should not half to wait 3 months to recive there purchases.if items are on sale .list them as that. some prices are missleading and confussing. I have been waiting several months on items i ordered and still not recived them. tracking does not give good updates sincerely sheril harris ( customer).
Apply Wish promo code 👉(c c f z b j r v) & get $5 wish cash. This would of been a 5*, absolutely amazing game, and love playing it. The graphics are amazing for a phone game, and everything else. But then in every match you have cheats, and it just takes the enjoyment out of it. I dont expect it to be easy. Nore do I want it to be. But you literally can not do anything in some games. And thats why iv had to give it 3*. Please call of duty sort this out. And make it an enjoyment again.
Items prices change every 30 seconds. I keep getting the "oops something went wrong" when placing order. My discounts are taking away before time & date. Changed my payment method & still have the same problem. Dealing with this for over a week. If it continues I'm going to find another company to buy from if I can't order threw web instead of a app. Had great experience until a week ago..
It's a okay app, something's are mismarked on prices on purpose. When you go to purchase certain items that you think that you're getting a good deal on, they refund your money to you and refuse to actually sell items for that marked price like shoes and tents and other stuff..
Apply Wish promo code 👉(c c f z b j r v) & get $5 wish cash. Really helpful app! excellent game. high quality graphics, smooth gameplay, love how the ads are not constant. cool boards and characters, nice infinite run. a suggestion i have is to add back in when you roll, the guard rolls too; its not that important, just a funny feature. wish some boards & characters weren't as expensive or rare, but that sort of brings the drive out of the game. 10/10..
Apply Wish promo code 👉(c c f z b j r v) & get $5 wish cash. Its a great app no doubt but so buggy, everytime I try to upload it crashes, delete a photo during editing, crashes, add more than 5 photos, crashes, often refuses to complete an upload on wifi and have to redo it allover data, drafts are also completely broken. For one of the most popular apps in the world, I don't know whats so hard to make these basic and fundamental features actually work..
it was great. i got my item 2 to 3 days earlier then the purchase date. the pick up experience was wild. if you want to buy a item for a lesser price you can. but it'll not sent to your house. it'll sent it to a middle man[aka independent local mini store] my was at a gas station. lol. but the item was great..
This is a good place to get diamond paintings, and cheap houehold items, but, certain items such as clothing and some other things , the price given isn't the price you pay. When you see the price given and then click on buy, the price jumps higher. They let you think you're getting a good deal until you go to buy it.NOT WORTH THE TIME OR EFFORT TO BUY FROM. Completely misleading!!!! If they are going to sell it at a higher price then post that price MISLEADING!!!.
Tsk, its not accepting my card. Like what the. I have money in my cards Btw, i used several cards but it still declined. Please fix it. I really wanna buy your product. I already contacted my bank and they say that theres nothing wrong with my card. So guys please fix it..
I love shopping on wish. My only 2 issues are that (1) I keep getting locked out of my account for identity verification and it takes a month or longer for a responding message that seems even a little human to fix the issue. (2) I placed an order that had 2 watches and 2 resurrection plants. I did recieve my watches but my plants never arrived and when i contact custemor support the virtual support just keeps saying that my order was delivered on this date. No i havent got my plants a mth later.
I bought one thing and suddenly every single product says out of stock. no matter what product, after updating the app, uninstalling and reinstalling, asking consumer support, their faq, googling the problem and asking multiple friends, nothing has fixed it..
On Galaxy S8, all items show as sold out. Looks like nothing can be bought. I tried uninstalling and installing again, the result was the same. Just 100% of the items show as sold out as soon as I open them..
Great App, always amazed at some of the things i see for the pricing. Just have to be aware of the product your buying and wjede it is shipping from and not just going off the pictures. Make sure to read the description of product. Keeping this in mind it is a great app!.
Bad app i will never mess with this wish app ever again because they made an unautorized withdrawal off of my debit card a month ago and because of that im without cellphone service and had no way to pay my bills and i had to pay almost $14.00 to get a new debit card and netflix also made an unautorized withdrawal off of my debit card last month too and i am three and half months pregnant with my second child and wish and netfilx apps are really talented and really good at commiting fraud..
This app offers some great deals and i find a lot that i can't find in the store. only downside is that some items can take a good time to get. I always look for the orange truck or try to order a good month or two a head of when i may need it or i try to order stuff i don't have to have immediately..
some things are perfect depending on the type of item you are ordering and some are not what they appear to be mostly as far as the quality of the designs and materials of the clothing I've noticed...But over all it's a fun source to shop cheaply online.
FIRST OF ALL I MostlyI like alot of the stuff sold, BUT to me it is REALLY CLOSE to false advertising. U think ur getting an item for "free" but S&H is "$6.00!!! Or the item is $5.00 but S& H are $5.00 and u don't know the S&H cost till u go to check out. So u think ur spending $20.00 when really you've spent $45.00!!! This is REDICULUS!!! JUST MAKE THE PRICES THE PRICES!!.
Very worst app.. it's only showing payment mode through credit card and nothing else.. I wrote alot email also . They only reply one and saying they provide alot of options through Google wallet.. but they didn't... They literally lied..and now they are not even responding the mail and complain...
the wish app is absolutely fantastic you need to also keep in mind you also get what you pay for but in some cases you end up receiving a far more better bargain than you would receive elsewhere im not speaking about every deal but in some cases its that way make no mistake you must read up on the description that is made available for every piece of merchandise that you choose to be a potential buy all in all the wish app is pretty cool in my book ..
This app is best for deals for me. I don't have a credit card. There are no options for debit card or Google payment. I just can't order. I think you should work over the payment method thing so that it becomes easy to purchase. Looking forward with positive reply!.
It can be good and it can be sometimes bad! I love shopping with Wish! Some things are a gamble when purchasing! You can get out of this world deals! and you can get a bunch of Duds! buyers beware!! But I do love the great deals!!.
Amazing App with great prices and great qualities. Deliver great speedy sometimes it's only delay due to busy season. Staff are amazing, very friendly and respectful they always keep customers happy. Never disappoint them. Thank you Wish App..
It was a good app for a mom like me. I love to browse and purchased product for my daughter and they have a lot of choices and products to choose from and not only that, the app also have a good deals and promos..
I love the great variety of attractive, unique fashion range. It's unfortunate that the sizing and quality can be a bit of hit and miss. The $1 deal offer is bait clicking that never eventuate to a deal and most often the displayed price on the listing is not the actual price (your might see an item for $5 when browsing, but when you click buy the price actually $30 plus extra for postage), very annoying system!.
I love wish. great prices and great products. I love just window shopping for hours. I always find so many things I want. This is the best place to Christmas shop, you will get so much more for your money. Just because it is low prices doesn't mean it is cheap products. A lot of the items are the same items you pay way more for on Amazon and your local stores. And no one told me or paid me to say these things and I am not one to write things on the internet. Wanted to pass along a good thing..
Overall the app is fine! But it would be nice to have less limit quanities. Overall it's positive, we as consumers are responsible for what our choices are. But I'm dissappointed because of my items delivery! I still have over 20 plus items that was suppose to be delivered by October 28, and have not received them yet! I have my list of them and hope they'll be delivered by the end of October. I'm having to re-priortize my spending to make sure everything has come in before I purchase anymore!!.
False advertisement of produts, sale price isn't honored and when this happens it takes forever for your funds to be refunded. This has happened to me on several occasions, I no longer support or care to spend my money within this app . Therefore I chosen to uninstall this app and encourage my family & friends to do the same..
Some products are deceiving read very carefully. Some products do not work. Products that say limited addition DON'T it says a cheap price and turns into a bid but you will get refunded and given credit Only not refunded back to your card. If your willing to wait some products are good but don't have high expectations. I love their sun glasses..
Love the site! Love the variety of products they carry. Hate that the shipping takes so long. And also some of the products do intend to be cheaply made. But then again you do get what you pay for. Other than that, I really enjoy it:)!.
Wish is a brilliant app for good bargain s, also the customer care is excellent, it does take a while sometimes to get to you, I think it is because the covid 19 epidemic, customer service means a lot to me and if I have been unsure about anything at all they have always helped and sorted out the issues imeadiatley, I have bought lots of things from wish the last few months and great quality items for very cheap prices.
Really good app, it's all very user friendly the only issue is the shipping is kind of slow, they have a half now half later option on a lot of purchases which gives me room to spend between paychecks. I will continue using wish as it's my go-to for cheap and reliable accessory products..
Great app. I was sceptical about it at first, but after my first purchase I was pleasantly surprised at the fact it was exactly what was shown. Now if I see an advert for something, I come here to look for it cheaper.
I would give it 5 start but the reason for 2 star is because sellers sell their products for dead cheap and then after 2 days they refund it. This happed to me 4 times. I understand it's 3rd parties selling but I also understand the owner of the app sets the terms and conditions..
This app has a verification process when it is your first time purchasing. This is a great idea in order to prevent fraud. However, It has been close to a week and they still havent verified my identity. I have now missed out on some specials due to their negligence..
Very misleading on quite a few things clothes being one of them, lots of false advertising!! BUT wish has always been good with refunding when you prove to them that you didnt get what was promised! Very impressed with everything else I have ordered their games, kids toys, nail art, make up, masks, the list goes on! When I cant find something I know I can go to wish and more then half the time they have it! Love wish, wish they would take off the poor vendors but cant be perfect I guess!.
Before already I've informed/reported details of package complaints issues by customer support in wish app but I didn't get satisfactory solution. Still I didn't receive my all items which I've ordered on first/second week of August. And reporting window has been closed. Now I don't have interest to send complaint report by emailing or chatting. Whatever thank for your corporation. Keep it up wish app. I do not want to talk about it anymore..
Apply Wish promo code 👉(c c f z b j r v) & get $5 wish cash. Its absolute decent. I can't follow any links through Facebook, otherwise the whole thing glitches and it takes me back to my home page. Looking at a photo and trying to go back to the original post is impossible. Half the time links don't work, and often when I'm going through my page it'll just refresh on its own WHILE IM READING A POST and then I have to go spend ten minutes trying to get to the person's profile and finish reading..
Be sure to verify the sizes. Clothing, jewelry & many trinkets are much smaller than they appear. And hard to return items. I've had many purchases that never arrived. And the shipping cost is very high for different items. Often the shipping is more than the purchase price. My biggest complaint is that when you click on an item because you like the price, the price is rarely the same as the price shown. I've found many items I love. Just be careful!!.
There are nice items here. I just don't like the bait and switch that goes on when trying to buy multiples of for example, disposable masks. If that would not occur, I would have given you a straight up 5 stars..
I like the pricing but i do not like the new wheel option. Just make sure you read about the item you are purchasing because sometimes it's not what's in the picture. Plus a lot of times when purchasing clothes the price will double if you go pass the XL size..
5 months later and items not arrived. And past refund window. If you expect to receive items you pay for, don't use Wish! UPDATE post comment from developer - What good is a 30 day refund policy if the goods don't arrive until after the 30 days OR NOT AT ALL as in my case. Basically, the wish business model is "sell them stuff, don't send them anything, keep their money". In real life that's theft and people go to prison for it..
It's a great app to find good to great items. Can get good deals just have to really watch because prices change from the quoted price you click on if you change anything or you add anything to make it look like it does in the advertised picture..
App worked alright some good products some junk but that's to be expected. The only issue I had unfortunately was a serious one i had some packages that were supposed to have been delivered but i never received them and neither the post office or wish cared to do anything to help recover this $60 purchase I appreciate the reply from wish to this review trying to make them look better but they said what they said the first time and the post office still doesn't know that was still no help.
The price with shipping included mostly works out to be a great deal with the items i buy. Out of 10 purchases i may see an undersized fit or cheaper quality in an item but mostly im shocked at the quality and price for being a good deal. Overall i feel its worth the shipping time. Good app. Fun for me to shop..
Sounds good BUT not everything is. Somethings say returnable but some things not even when vendor says YES but Wish says NO. Customer service sucks unless you ask a simple question. Pricing changes on clothing depending on sizing so your good deal isn't always. Pricing on one page can increase as soon as you click on it for a look see. I have used Wish extensively as I can't go out. I have spent lots of money on a wide range of products some of I love & some for Christmas. BE CAREFUL.
So theres some really cool stuff... READ THE REVIEWS people will tell you if things arent what they seem... clothes tend to run 2-3 sizes small. But im DONE with the app showing me clothes or shoes for dirt cheap then when i go to put it in my cart the price jets up... sometimes its cuz i take big sizes but sometimes (and ive specifically checked when i got skeptical when it happened to my tiny kid) you cant choose a color OR size for the price they bait you with!.
It takes so long to get your items. I have had some items not be as big as the pictured item in a persons hand or what ever object it my be in the picture with or the item is not the exact item pictured. BUT for the price MOST of what I buy is craft related and is great..
Great app, simple to use. Lots of deals, all sorts of items at all prices. Everything from good scores under $1 to good deals on expensive itens. With great customer service if needed. Look for your deal now, great for holiday shopping..
Its take lot of time, sometimes products are not as good as shown in site picture. But you can find real bargain here. I have bought a burkini which is usually 3 times higher price than wish, and its quality is really good. Happy with wish shopping..
Just a nightmare, All lyes,put 20bucks, Go purchase, well well well,gone Up 80%lol, crazy,if you get it wow so flimsy, break's or stops working soon as you get it, refund wow, got to work hard to get it, still waiting on item,few months ago LoL, no we're on the system, oh onother fake Bull,give you tracking number,out of 5 not 1, LoL, the worst.
Love this app! It's the only place where I can get my favourite dresses. The 50's style! And the prices aren't that expensive. You can pick up a bargain as well, which is great for birthdays and Christmas! Just be careful that you don't spend too much! No one can get past Wish!.
It looks like an awesome app. But it is not. I ordered on the 1st of June 2020 it was supposed to arrive on the 18th of July 2020. It was delayed until the 29th of September 2020 and then till 29th of October 2020 . I have not received it and they do not want to refund me..
I love it. easy to use. everything is cheap. some of its not the best quality but what do you expect for what you paid for it. if something wrong with the package then they credit you back depending on the price. I've been satisfied so far.
This app needs more options in Customer Service robo responses; too long a wait between not choosing a category of your issue. There should be an "other" option. Suggested this +1 year ago. Guess their patches (on Lakers' uniforms) are more important..
It's easy, fun, simple, and has a wide variety of options with Decent-Great ratings and views, I'll definitely see myself using this in the future..
No problem with this one. Pretty clear instructions and how to order correct sizes to purchase the item,thank you. Wide variety of items preety cool one stop shopping.just got to take your time..
Editing review - it seems they have fixed the app, you can now view your order history and customer support in the app without having to load the website in an external browser. There are some stores that scam on this platform, but wish itself has great customer service and any platform will have scammers, you'll find them on eBay too..
Items are falsely advertised, 75% or more of the items received do not meet the criteria they are advertised to be. Once you receive it [ IF you do] you realize why its not sold in stores. After waiting 3 and 4 months when it should only take at most 30 to 45 days. Every item is charged a shipping when they will ship them all together. Paying only one cost. 7 items with shipping costs of 8 dollars plus, shipped in the same package, knowingly only charged one shipment cost..
Apply Wish promo code 👉(c c f z b j r v) & get $5 wish cash. Truly, it is so amazing app. I love the game and all. Great graphics but there is a problem. I started lagging so bad and my frame rate is on high. I can max out everything on my phone. But it just started lagging for some reason. It even lags on very low graphics. Please fix this. Oh, and also add back zombies. Please add it. I love zombies and I'm a god at it. That's what I usually play and it kind of sucks you guys took it out..
I realized that when I first made my wish account I had put an old email address I go to the account settings and I click change email to my new email that I'm currently using and it lets me type in my email then it tells me to confirm it but then it says oops something went wrong and I tried to update the app I tried everything I could it's still saying oops something went wrong and it's not letting me change my old email to my current email address the one I'm using now.
It would be helpful if the app had categories to sort just the items you're looking for and a filter system. The app itself as is designed, works well..
I thought the products were going to be super cheesey and cheap, however after using Wish I have found that every product is as advertised and worth far more than you pay for product and shipping together. Great app..
Your website / app doesn't work and hasn't for a while. Cant click to purchase anything or to put in cart. All I can do is just look and thats not any help. Seems to be the updated version..
Wonderful prices. It's a hit or miss on the quality. Read very carefully the dimensions of what you are buying. Super great value especially for teachers, birthdays and stocking stuffers!.
Honestly I've gotten some really cool stuff on wish while the quality may lack its kind of what you would expect but I still love it there's also a lot of really funny stuff on wish and that's what I enjoy just chilling with my friends and looking at some of the weird products some people sell I can't imagine life without wish.
Love the app and the products. But as a South African🇿🇦 resident, and I know this is no fault on Wish's part, do not use this if you want fast, reliable delivery. The products come throu the South African Post Office📮, and there is no way of tracking the parcel once it arrives in S.A.. You have to physically go to the nearest branch office to the address you provided, where they have to go thou all the packages manually, because it's not loaded onto their system..
overall great items and great price, only issue is the shipping can take a long time and other times it's fast. If the shipping was constant it would be even better!.
Its laid out nice ,fast, easy to use but item description is tricky ,must read carefully or you'll get a poster of what you thought you were ordering ..
I can't chekout. I tried with paypal, it makes a loop. I made the whole process, and after that I am there with full of shopping cart again. I tried with bank card directly, one day later I get back the amount of my shopping. I tried uninstall the app, but it does not work after the reinstall..
I like this app. I had only one problem with an item that I never received yet it says it was delivered? The other items that were said to be bundled together, were in the mailbox yet no tool set..
I like that idea of app. Sometimes deals are really great. I do not like that Sold Out things are still visible when you are searching for something. Idk where is some kind of filter. Very needed by me 😬.
Horrifying, I recently installed the app as it came up in a Google search for tools I was looking for. I Was totally shocked that in addition to seeing tools I also saw a bunch of see items for sale with very vulgar images. I am not sure how it relates to tools other than I am likely a guy and you are blatantly targeting me..
This app is not at all working properly. It shown price is different from the price when you add the product to your cart(It increases a lot). Second thing is the shipping charges are too high... I amean costlier than the product we buy!!!! It would be good if they solve theses issues..
The app has a bad reputation, but choosing from verified accounts, and reading the comments, you can actually find a lot of good items! I've used this app for 2 years now, so I sorta know the in's and out's.
I have an addiction to scrolling wish and buying wish products. I always come across something new and cheap. I have one wish for wish and that is that they're needs to be more cheaper fast deliveries. other than that I think it's a great online shopping app..
Generally good. But be sure to read the description completely. Quantity and size of items are sometimes not obvious or as expected..
I can not find the "price" option. Low to high, high to low, relevance, etc. This app only lets me pick color or sizes. It doesn't let me choose price. Please let me know, if that option is in the app, where is it at? I can't find it. If that option isn't in the app, at all, then please create it..
Entirely easy to use, a overly simple and blatantly straight forward, yet in one way or another this incredibly intuitive and more or less basically an wholly overall criminal aspect to exactly just how insanely easy to use and quick to pick up! Gosh dang, this freaking super duper scaryily and deathly frightening JFK murder plot is literally NO GOD DANG JOKE detailed and outbriefed within this booklet/pamphlet via pg. 76 1/2, near bottom! PpHhOoNnEe Application constantly SOMEHOW rendered inert.
I really like this app, Most of the time I get exactly what I paid for and it's been coming early then the dates that are given only just a few mistakes but more good then bad so far. Thank you so much and keep up the great work!!!!!!!!💖💖💖💖🙂🙂🙂🙂.
I'm unable to delete my wish account. I keep deleting it. It says the account was deleted, but it still remains in their system. This app is unsafe and not worth the hassle. My account got hack several times. Don't put your card information..
This app is great....not a fake app. Great stuff for cars especially!! I've already recommended this to SEVERAL friends and some have already placed orders. They weren't sure if the items would actually arrive....they did!!! Thanks Wish!.
This is ridiculous, I got a gaming chair 8 months ago in March, and it still hasn't come in yet. Wish didnt send any update or anything, I tried contacting their support but they won't help, this is the worst app I've ever had.
Checking out was not easy and as I clicked on a percent off button that took me to already having completed my order, I wanted to change it and apply the bigger discount but there's no way to do that or to cancel your order on a mobile device. I would give more stars if they could fix these issues. I will revisit my review in the event they do so ..
Misleading promos. Says you will get 70% off but will only take 5. Also if you try to apply multiple promos paid for with reward points it will overwrite the last one and you lose it for good, even if the newer discount was lesser..
Some really good bargain's to be had, especially on Lego equivalents which are good quality. Have to be careful of import duty though. Also UK post office charges over £8 for the privalage of collecting it..
If there is anything you ever want.. and I mean literally everything delivered this is the app to go to. Except groceries they sell candy and everything but just not groceries jewelry clothing tools anything like that yes they have novelties books periodicals very very lovely place to go and get stuff ordered all at a reasonable price.
Hello Wish I updated my wish app and I wanted to log in but it telling me wrong password and I click forget password and I was told a link will be sent to my mail to reset my password but for the pass 5days now no link has been sent and I have items am tracking to know when it will deliver..
Seems to always come up with the goods if you pay the price. Never seem to get any of the "free" items though. Not had a problem with any of of the items I have purchased, all just as described..
Awesome stuff and you can't beat the prices. I have yet to be disappointed with any of my purchases. As long as you realize shipping may take time to arrive, you will be fine..
You find a lot of items. Some are really good deals. What I don't like is that some items show one price when you are browsing and then changes when you click on it..
It's so easy and simple!! I would like if I didn't have to wait 30 days before using another promo code but it's okay cause you still save a lot on this app :).
Product selection spans many types, electronics to cookware to bicycle accessories to camping equipment to clothing and more. Prices are low, customer service is excellent, shipping cost reasonable and shipping time appropriate. App is easy to use and navigate, no issues with operations..
Some products are excellent! Very cheap but quality is very good. I only give 4 stars because the app is very laggy and logs me out of it sometimes but it's a very good app!.
I've contacted support over and over and still access my old account that i am missing thousands of dollars worth of merchandise from. Wish is even sending my emails to my updated account about items from my unaccessable account but, im still unable regain access...
I genuinely love this app. Sometimes things arent a 100% but most of all the stuff I have bought from here I have been happy with. At most maybe a bit larger or smaller then anticipated..
Was a massive fan and good customer, had to make new account and suddenly keep "missing out". If wanted to bid I'd go bid. Plus customer service is 💯 bots. DO NOT TAKE "LIMITED OFFER"s, it's some slight of hand financial game. Bye wish, not another cent.
I could not shop as only credit card payment was available and app hanging issue is there..very nice product and price rate which will force us to select numerous but might face issue later like all pics were gone just while making payment and checking out....
Prices seem good. Only ordered once and waiting. The prices are confusing though. Gives one price while browsing then a different price if you add to cart. Big difference in prices. We'll see how it goes..
I've had to get more refunds from wish then I didn't. They keep showing me things for sale that I've searched for on other sites before and when I order it at that sale price I get a notification 2 or 3 days later saying "Limited Quantity Deal: Unfortunately, your purchase was not fully processed in time to get this item at this price. We were unable to fulfill this order.". I understand the first couple times but its happening almost every time..
Works too good, can't find anyone to contact when there is a problem , still looking . Trying to delete all that I ordered ( found something better ) and a price was listed wrong on a bag after discount received I owed $25.00 , price listed was $10.00 . HELP !.
Some items dont march the ads for the product, and I have had to request multiple refunds. But for the cost savings for similar items on the market, it's worth spending the extra time to process those items that dont work out..
This application used to be good. Recently it charges shipping cost for each item you buy from the same shop. They try to rip you off. Edit: They charge shipping cost for each item you buy at the same shop and still said to maintain affordable price? Do they know what they're talking about? Another Editing: Most of their marketing technic is trying to trap costumers e.g. cheap price for 1st item on pic then followed double price for next items, so if you're not aware you're gonna get ripped of.
The app itself is fine but Wish has slowly upped all the prices of everything over time and now almost everything is around normal retail prices and some things are even more expensive than what you can get in any shop or website..
Yes I do enjoy wish very much I enjoy shopping.. Sometimes I get confused bet lol I figured out but wishes great I love the way they packed their items yes some of their items do not arrive on time but that's OK there's a country between us and it does take a little time but everything from wish I really not had any problems with yes so I'm happy thank you wish.
I have only ordered one item from this app and it took a few months for it to arrive. But the item was only a desk top phone holder so the quality of it feels cheap (plastic material) but it's still usable which is good enough for me..
Impressed with so many great choices of products,quality and great pricing. Love the deals and free prizes. Wish is making my shopping fun,exiting and always best low prices. Quick delivery and a great and easy return policy added should make Wish be on everyone's wish list. Thank you.
Items are cheap and good quality. Arrive early mostly. Easy to navigate. Lots of different stuff. I mainly buy anime merch and it's got a huge selection and even some obscure ones..
a lot of different items to look was looking for memory for my gaming laptop but found out when it arrived discovered cant upgrade the system memory is soldered which surprised me because it is the new alienware m15 R3 so I cant go any higher than 16 gigs . But I do have 3 empty slots for ssds which is why when I do upgrade that I will buy from Wish.
I had problem, but Wish helped me out. Just be careful with your shopping. You will get, what you pay for. If it's too cheap, you know what I mean.. :-) Thanks Wish for the support..
Some products can be iffy, but I have gotten great bags, pins, and clothing. Just be sure to read reviews! Plenty of cost saving, cute things! Love it..
The return process leaves a lot to be desired, so I would recommend only shopping for items that are unlikely to require a size exchange or what have you. My personal experience was a major hassle, and their customer support feature I found very poorly done. Honestly, overall, you're better off on Amazon. For the new optimistic users... just be careful..
This is the first time I have ever seen your app. I have stage 4 cancer. I was looking for new things .I was so happy to see what items you have. I will be doing a little traveling. And I found your app. I found some very nice things. I just wanted to say thank you..
Excellent buys fast respomce some items take longer then others but a very excellent site..i love all the extras u give too.. login bonus buying with someone bonus buying and adding points bonus free item at sign up bonus spin the wheel and many other great things the products r perfect.
I used to love wish, I shopped on wish all the. Now wish reset my account. I tried everything I could to get back on. So now I have to find another app to download and hope I can trust..
I love this app. Lovely products for the home - read the previous reviews and you can't go wrong. Xmas shop early as there may be a long delivery timescale. Worth it..
Fun, exciting, and entertaining to browse for smart, new products and ideas! I tried other sites. I *always* come back to *Wish* !! :).
Easy to use, all of your info and history. Many options; problem is TOO many options of same thing. A little redundant..
They've gotten better since I opened a new accout, but I'm still leary... BEWARE! Seriously, READ THE CRITICAL REVIEWS! They locked my previous account, with a LOADED cart, & told me to UPLOAD MY BANK STATEMENT so they can "verify my identity," which they've pulled on many other shoppers, too. Your private info will be sold, shared on the dark web; you'll be left to clean up the mess all by yourself, and never see the merchandise you bought at such "cheap" prices..
At first I wasn't too happy, but, now that I know how it works and all the sales and promotions I can get, I'm very satisfied. Also everything is explained very well. Thanks!!.
Alot of products are misleading and to actually get what is shown in the picture it costs more and there's no mention of the price difference until you try to check out. Also they ask for a review of the product before you even have a chance to use it so I gotta read through 20+ reviews to hear about 1 persons experience with the product. Other than that there's lots of great stuff at great prices for the most part.
Ok. you need to read all of the small print. very important. though you can get some really cool deals, sometimes shipping can be more than the actual product. Just be careful before you buy. otherwise, really cool place to shop..
Was going to download cause i had heard good things at work but seems there is a lot of bait and switch as far as items and pricing going on now. Don't need it that bad there are others out there to use..
I find it easy to use and navigate. It is quick to search for items and you are able to make lists and find reviews on many items. Overall I like this app so far..
I have only been a member of wish for a short time and I already love it. They have excellent deals and their prices are AMAZING! I recommend the wish app for everyone, no matter your age..
Good so far. My bank is the problem not clearing my small purchases fast enough for me to get some of the items I want. Thanks a lot First Bank . Even after bringing it to your attention you still take 3-4 days to clear an order for .75 cents wow....
This app can be very addictive it has items that are unbelievable and when you get them finally that's the only thing is it takes a little longer to get them they are good quality not the best but good quality for what you pay for.
Great products at affordable prices. You have to have reasonable expectations. Some product are exceptional quality and others could be better, but everthing is worth trying..
Plenty to look at and lots of things going on bonus deals don't actually tell you you can only use so often only allowed a percentage but never reach before running out of use.
Super easy to navigate with so much to offer all from the comfort of your phone! The app is stable and the shipping is usually ahead of schedule!.
I love "Wish", I've been using wish for all my gifts and personal attire for the late 5yrs and I wouldn't change that for long lines in a department store with over priced items... Thanks Wish I love the app!! ♥️.
It's an amazing app honestly. Its cheap and you can get alot of discounts and the quality is perfect. Sometimes the shipping is late put can also come early than expected. Honestly its great!.
Good app, but bait and switch is horrible. The sellers will ofen show a picture of a much more expensive item at a low price but actually have the lower prices item buried in the back pictures. If you don't pay attention you'll get a different item than the one intended. Shipping is pretty high compared to other China shopping apps, so be sure to shop around..
This site is a rip off! There are items that were charged to my card last YEAR that I never recieved, also Never got a refund for and they still show as 'in transit', and can't seem to get in touch with a person, just their automated system. Things I ordered recently, that I Was charged for are no longer on my ordered list. Don't allow them to rip you off too! Will Not be shopping here again..
The app itself is OK but postage is so slow. It's good for stuff u can wait for but it's kinda a last resort for me. Also some items are cheaper on ebay..
ABSOLUTELY the BEST online shopping experience you will EVER have! Amazon Prime, EBay, Walmart, etc. do not even compare to the excellence of Wish! This site has quality merchandise, excellent prices, fair shipping times, and all kinds of deals for you! Simply download their app, and shop to your heart's content. The BEST part of Wish? Their AWESOME CUSTOMER SERVICE!!! I received the most courteous and fast support from their team. You will LOVE online shopping with Wish. I❤WISH 🛍.
Accessible and easy to use app. You get what you pay for with regards to products, however I have found a few gems!.
I just love this app. It's very great to know that anytime I need something at a very low value price I can come to wish got my back thank you continue shopping greatest shopping app out.
Simple and easy to maintain and use. Shipping and the fine print when having to choosedifferent items is the only flaw I have found so far..
Forget about getting refunds properly they tell you that they'll give you an additional $13 for the having the problem and I'll put it in which ones so far I missing three of them. And we spend lots of money on wish and not get refunded properly it's a hassle..
I find this app is hit and miss some of the things that you purchase come fast and are good quality others take forever and are cheap quality. One thing I will say for sure is they have a lot of options to pick from..
The app does not let you request a refund when the item didn't ship after two months. Over two months of waiting for a item refund is terrible. The app is filled with junk and it's hard to filter too..
Great app as well to. Easy to use, buy and download things. They will help you with anything, with no problem.... I love it & so does my Husband... Thanks everyone, @ enjoy as well.
Very bad experience... 1) Any purchased item will take minimum two months to recieve it. 2) sometimes the cancel the purchased item and you will not receive the refund. 3) No effictive tracking procedure. Overall, I don't recommend this app..
It would be helpful if you didn't just log me out of my facebook and say "invalid autentication" as I try to log back in. So I just go to make a new account and it won't let me because I already have an active account..
Love all the different items you have for sale. It is like going down a warehouse place so much to choose from. With great prices..
Other then the timing on your product, Wish is definitely a top 3 shopping option. Great and inexpensive products that covers just about everything on your shopping list..
Waste of time... The app may be good visually but when it comes to buying things I'd say 90% is knock off and poorly made... Don't judge a product by its picture... More than likely when it arrives (if it does) you will find it's nothing like the pictures... When looking at reviews click to see all because they only show you too good ones. I really dislike the fact that when purchasing items where you think you have a great deal a day or two later you get a message saying you've been refunded..
Great app. Easy and fun, so much to choose from, love the way it learns what you like. Well done wish. Items can sometimes be a bit flimsy, but its so cheap. 👍.
Poster paper is thick, but used tape to hold it in place. which left a stick flim on poster. Colors were vibrant!.
I absolutely love Wish, products are great! My husband has been sick all year long, and I've been having fun shopping online. He's getting better & just told me I'm going to stop shopping on Wish. That'll never happen!.
Wish is very easy app to work with. Easy to keep track of your items, and know where your items are day by day. And very helpful and quick response to any questions. Thx Wish. Marc the shark.
My experience until now has been good. However I was just ripped off and support were totally unhelpful. It seems the vendor can claim the order is fulfilled even though you provide photo to show vendor wrong. Sadly it only take one bad experience and I personally wont use this app ever again. I'm waiting on a few items then deleting. It's annoying because I really liked the app and the support until now was superb. I guess it depends on who you get as support. I was unlucky and got Paul..
Some of the prices seem too good to be true and some are actually an amazing deal. But some things I have to do research on cuz the prices are clickbait. Like instruments so far are the worse clickbait prices. There was a 3rd party ukulele brand I've never heard of for over 500 dollars crossed off but a new one on Amazon of the same brand was less than 100 dollars. This app has a way to make you impulse buy if you're not careful. Turning off notifications helps with that too..
The algorithm is more defined. I've noticed a more streamline approach in the fetch code as well as the matchups generated by social media input. The only thing I still find issue with is the load times for extended browsing being a bit more slower on my bench mark. Maybe look into better buffer loads? But then again, that might be just my device. If any of this makes any sense of like to know 😆.
this is a awesome little app with big selection,great prices and quality products . its like shopping without paying the middleman jacked up prices !!i love it and you will too.
Great, loads of things r so much cheaper and you can get loads of different things on it (though I wouldn't recommend for buying clothes) but great for almost anything else 👍.
Awesome collection. Really interested in so many products, but the shipping charges are more than the products cost.There is no options for payments also except credit card. If I want to order for 1k, the shipping charges are almost 1.5k. This is very disappointing to me place an order with this app.
Only issues I've had here are that sometimes items are over-selled, and other times they arrive later than the longest stimated time. Other than that it has delivered nicely what I've bought. I love its design and user interface more than Ali's. 😬👍.
The new auction option is just as i thought a hoax n not true after hours of waiting fot items i wanted n seeing almost every item say expired no bids n getting bid up every time i went thru n bid on everything guess what no wins yet everything will say not sold no bids if i don't bid hahaha nice try.
Pathetic notification spammer! Disgusting app sent repeated notifications for useless stuff within minutes of installing. After choosing notification preferences it threw notifications to tell me I forgot items in the cart literally minutes after I closed the app. Scam and spam like scum of an app.
Handy app. Easy to use. Good mix of items to buy. Delivery times can vary but you usually have to wait a whole for items to arrive. Quality of products can vary also. Overall I recommend it and anytime I've needed a refund I've had no problems dealing with them..
Good prices, but be careful. Items very often shown as a low discounted price, but when you select size or color, it suddenly shows much much higher price.
Love everything except that the promos they offer always sound better than they are. It's always like "save up to 90%" but then it's only 5% off. Also the shipping is worded in a way that makes it sound like it's going to be quicker than it is. BUT the prices are low low and the product selection is HUGE!! so the issues are not too important. I love wish!.
Three months ago bought a tattoo gun and some cream, never turned up, my mobile broke, got a new one when I logged into my wish account with google as always and all my of my oders had vanished, no way to get my money back. This app will steal your money and send you nothing in return very untrustworthy, avoid..
After deleting and redownloading the app,the problems of strange language in my item description and that of all items in the app have been sold still persist..
I love the deals you can find on here it's all just the same as name brand stuff but cutting out the middle man that's why so cheap only thing is some things take a while to get but overall worth it..
love, love, love it!! Only advice is ensure you order larger sizes when purchasing clothing. always comes 2x smaller than they say. example: For Medium order XL.
Ok this app is AMAZING but one thing bothers me it's the fact that some items take a month even almost a year and I'm not over agsagerating thank you for your time hope all is well -macey 2020.
A bit of a gamble sometimes, but wow some purchases have left me feeling so pleased, like the most recent, that I bothered to fill this out..
I love wish have gotten many things from Wish. Some are take a little longer but worth the wait. Some not what I thought should be. But most is always great.😊😊😊.
I ordered the bedding that was suppose to be $0.50. When the order didnt go in. I re-looked the item up and it is now $14.00. Other than that. I love what i purchased and have ALL my X-Mas wish list filled out. Overall wonderful experience..
All products are 'removed' or 'out of stock'. Unless you fix the app to display available products it's useless. This is the second time I write this review. The one from a week ago mysteriously disappeared..
You type in a search and there you are. Bunches of things you didn't know you needed. Some stuff you never seen before. Any problems were taken care of quicky..
Wish has a wide selection of items and when you are looking for something without urgency, then it is worthwhile.
This app is not supporting my credit card while it's showing visa cards are allowed! Please improve the payment options! I wished to buy some products from 'wish', but it made me trouble while paying for the products!.
Do not install!!! This app is a scam! Thieves! Never received the item and did not get the refund. First they make it look nice and easy, like it was normal that items can be weeks or months late, then while you're still waiting for the item and contact them again regarding missing shopping they tell you that you missed your refund window and can't get my money back. I will take the matter further...
Garbage. Can't even make an account. Says I already have one and it's deactivated. Never made one before. So now won't let me try to make a new one. Wonder how many people you lose just for not allowing them to sign up..
It's pretty good so far. Everything is organized for you. The only thing I dislike is that if you cancel an item and want your money back you would have to wait 14 days for it..
Great deals, bonus savings available while it does take more time to get items it's worth it, just make sure to check shipping cost or you could end up with a not so great deal 😉.
Love it,I think I could get sponsorship from wish as I'm already addicted,it's got everything from a to z of everything at great prices aswell!! Great app!!.
Avoid like the plague. Getting rid of it is difficult. Unsubscribe does not work. Turn off notifications does not work..
Items are unbelievably cheap and shipped promptly. Great notifications. This is the best app I've ever had..
It takes to long to get the stuff in the mail and the clothes look nothing like they do in the pictures but I love the jewelry..
Apply Wish promo code 👉(c c f z b j r v) & get $5 wish cash. Excellent! So, this is a great game. Not much lag, designs are kept nice and simple. Just a couple of requests. First, please make wait times shorter. Second, please make heroic dragons a little easier to get. Third, gems. Please make gems easier to get too. Fourth, please make it so that you can invite people to your alliance. Fifth, please add more events. Sixth, please make less pop ups when you load the game. Thanks for reading.
Some cool and interesting things to buy here. BUT the shipping Prices are so high its gotten to be outrageous! Also half the time the images aren't what the price is listed for. Example you'll see a cool flashlight it'll say $6. Than you look at the last picture and there's a dollar store flashlight that they're charging $6 (plus $8 shipping) for while the flashlight in the pictures (all but one) Is $23 plus $12shipping..
I love using the wish app. Stuff is priced lower then other places. Weve order lots of things off of Wish. Weve never had any problems. Sometimes it takes awhike that depends on where your getting your things from..
Love it 😎😜 there's way too many things in the app that are my favorite type of clothing,crafts and make-up I have to get another job!!.
Most of my purchases were awesome. take the time to choose the right store for your needs. Quality product reviews make it easy to do..
Both PC and mobile are crippled by their vague and slow search engine. Way too many irrelevant results. Not to forget the majority of their items are fake or cheap knock offs. Delivery cost is to high and we end up waiting 8-16 weeks for items to arrive. AliExpress has same items at the same or better pricing but free shipping which arrive in 1-6 weeks. 🙄.
Very good. A good range of products. Many assorted colors and sizes. Very good on line shopping site.
Very nice and convenient shopping, usually never have any problems. Love everything I get..
Most of the time everything is just right but occasionally things run smaller. And the tracking is never right. But other than that, great prices, great quality..
quite helpfull. very happy with what i got for my first order although the package did take quite a while to come so i would only change the time it takes to get here.
For the most part my experience has been great. I have had one package get lost, and some come a little later than predicted. But overall I'm satisfied....
Wish is a good app to use...I wish they would show how much shipping will be before you get to the BUY screen but it's fine, I have adjusted accordingly..
I love this site and app but sometimes you don't always get your item you buy so for that I write you a four Star also when you order your items it gives you a 24-hour notice scene if you get it or not I've had to have a bunch of refunds to them back if could be fixed and be better on getting items that you actually buy instead of getting refunds they try to find you better items to send you.
Awesome app to shop from..just be sure to check all buying options..they usually hav a few..definitely recomend WISH app to shop for anything and everything they will probably have it plus somethin better sometimes..check it out!!.
it changes the price drastically at check out for no reason. I even went back to check the price of an item and every time the price was different at check out. the prices are very misleading.
Ok please read this before you download I ordered a 530pc set of "soldering heat shrink tubes". Now what was pictured was a set of soldering heat shrink tubes. And when i read the description it described the item to a "T". But when i got them they were just heat shrink tubes. No solder inside them at all. So i contact support and they tell me that the item was correctly described. I will admit that in the description the words "heat, shrink, and tube" were in there. But i got a totaly different.
The app is just great in Genera i dont know what to tell you it just runs smoothly and has almost all your basic needs..
Most of the time it's great. But some times too much shipping, and alot of the time it more than what you pick, it CHANGES at check out..
EVERYTHING is sold out! I couldn't find even one thing I liked that wasn't. To test this, I even looked for the most useless things. Guess what? Sold out! How can you even purchase anything??.
I love shopping on Wish. Just finding the daily deals or a new thing I never knew was out there! Sometimes shipping could be a bit of a pain. That's because I forget whet i order sometimes and then forget what I am still waiting on..
The prices are great, sometimes product isn't as pictured but overall my favorite place to shop. Had to return 1 item and it is extremely easy to do so. Sometimes the shipping is a little high and I change my mind about the purchase as many sites have free shipping..
LOve this site/app.... rhe best advice I can give to anyone, chek the description and revies before purchase. The clothes are all sized differently and check the reviews always! Evry clothing item has a measure board. Use it! he stuff I have ordered already is insane and out of eveyrbint I ordered so say out ofmaybe 50 items since march, only 4 items had issues and they weren't huge issues (wrong color missing piece etc) but this far amazing experience. I.
Though I have enjoyed the app and made many many purchases, I can no longer sign into the app. My previous sign os say the can't be authenticated and if I try to create a new sign on, it says the same thing. I use 3 different emails and all refuse to let me in. They say to contact customer service from their app, but if you can't sign in, by any means, it does you no good. So I moved to alibaba. Thanks anyway..
Great app, some product is hit or miss, some quality is better than others..
Some of the items you purchase are either not fitting the discription that was displayed or has a picture of 2 or more items only for you end up with one piece.
you gotta know what not to get (don't buy anything that needs to stand up to a lot of wear) and know it'll take FOREVER to arrive. but it's a great site for decorations, jewelry, even dresses..
Very good app! The only thing I would like to do is be able to share my wishlist and if I can, it would be easier. But overall a good app!.
Great app. Some thing ship faster then others but, overall i recommend this app to anyone trying to save money. Pay less and get more. Patients is key..
Great experience. Have had a couple of problems over the year or two of been buying from them. They have always corrected the issue..
great so certain products. shipping can take quite a while & some products that are more expensive or electronic not always great. Read reviews before buying!.
certain things take forever to get delivered but the app if great with amazing prices like things that are worth hundreds of dollars for low double digits n the quality is good! love this app!.
I can't seem to open my cart anymore, it keeps saying error and I can't buy stuff, what happened? Out of the blue after the update I seems that it's not functioning well 🤔.
Great app use it all the time. all around great way to get great items for great prices...
Great app, smooth transactions, delivery depends. It is what it is, you can find some very unique items on wish..
Items came fast. One remote botton didnt work for a ps remote, so they sent me a refund so i could rebuy. Everything else so far perfect!!! Amazing service!! Love it!!.
I'd give 0 stars if I could. The app can be laggy but the worst problem of all is the company wish. You buy things and they take forever to get...now they tell you it takes longer ok fine. But sometimes you just don't get them at all! The customer support is a joke, they make you jump through hoops and just keep telling you to check with your neighbors and the post office. Check the post office? The tracking numbers are nonexistent through the post office! Waste of time and money!.
Love this app! TBH go in knowing you get what you pay for and every once in awhile totally over exceeded expectations! More often then expected honestly!.
Love the app, love everything we ordered so far! Usually get it delivered within couple weeks. And if there are any issues with possible long wait after already ordering, WiSH has no problems refunding..
Great clothes for great prices!!!! I will continue to use this app for any future clothing purchases..
Overall great experience. When something was damaged they quickly corrected the issue..
Great! Everytime something is wrong they fix it. Most items are well made. Read what other people have bought for the same item..
I've enjoyed shopping with WISH. It's fun picking a category and finding things to purchase. You get your stuff pretty quickly as well..
Great app find great deals all the time and couldn't be happier with how smooth this app runs. No problems as of yet..
When I ordered my merchandise I put in my new address and when I went to check the status my new address didn't go in and they sent it to my old address and when I attempted to get in touch with them I couldn't speak to a person it was all automated even on the chat on the internet they couldn't help me they just told me to track my merchandise said that it had been delivered to the address that was on file and that I need to track it bad business they lost the customer.
Most of the items I have bought are great,but some items ie: Flint Matchbox lighter worked once then it burnt the wick away to nothing. The Squid Jig had poor batteries and the feathers fell off still in the box. Still waiting for the rest of my items..
It won't let me log in. It will have a "invalid authentication" pop up on my screen everytime i press sign in. Not all the time but enough to get aggrevated with it..
very fun. Clothes are a 50/50. hit or miss but lotions, polish, etc are great. Got a wonderful purse and real nice coffeemaker. I recommend it! Customer service is excellent!!!.
Very pleased with items ordered. Generally quick to be delivered. Although prices seem to have gone up a bit, I'm still very pleased and will keep shopping with Wish..
wish is inexpensive and fun. once in awhile, my order isn't received or is late, but not often and not at a financial burden. Wish has Always made things right with me. Always double check sizes and quantity. Wish is sooo fun and full of variety!.
wish is a great app for shopping for things you cannot find anywhere else, shipping price is way to high though, need to be lowered, but other than that, great shopping app..
Very slow. Doesn't show pictures of items at all or for several minutes..
Don't try to buy anything from it. If you buy something, you will not get it on time. Once you get ur item, and you want to return it back due to some reasons there is no one to take care of it. I purchased something which I could not get it on time. When i got it, it was wrong item. I returned it back, but I have not received my refund. I hate it....
it would be the perfect online shopping app if they could just fix the shipping and refund policies I ordered things over a year ago and have no idea what happened to them I never received them. all I received from wish was a sorry for your luck!.
The app is good but shipping cost stops me from buying from it. It is really expensive. It's absurd to pay shipping for every item you purchase, and shipping is higher than what the item costs sometimes..
Everything in one place makes this app a great place to shop. You really will have a great shopping experience using this app, so get shopping. You can save a ton of money on your purchases..
For the most part, my experiences with Wish have been positive. Some items I've received haven't been all that great but Wish will handle the problem if notified. Pretty good App!.
I don't like the fact that I keep getting alerts all day to shop when I have already purchased so much already. In addition, I also don't like the virtual assistant feature, none of my question are correctly answered. It is very frustrating not being to speak or communicate with a live customer service person..
I absolutely love this app. It is so easy to use. I have found so many amazing things on here so far and plan to continue usong them for a long time. I'd give them 10 stars if I could..
Wish is the best app with a good ethic of delivering what they say and stand by everything they say as well. I have been shopping wish over a year now and would highly recommend..
It takes a while to receive but well worth it. Just make sure you read all descriptions before buying then you should be ok..
The kids clothes are really cute I love the dresses that I have gotten the jewelry always loved it I bought lots of jewelry from there and it looks really nice the clothing bought lots of clothing for them they've always made things right it's time when the truck were way later than what they should have been but they corrected the problem and made things right so I appreciated that throughout the company other than that I like everything that I have purchased so far and like seeing many things.
I absolutely love wish for my little nicnak things. clothes and shoes not so much, but everything else is great. takes forever to get to you but its so worth it!.
Everything I want I can get it here. It's true what they say "Shopping Made Fun" this App is extra and it's affordable, you can also get any type of clothing here. Thank you for this App❤️.
I'd give a zero if it had the option. The app is full of false sales. Meaning items sold for low prices and then a day or two after they email you claiming it took to long to process and its no longer available at that price. The rest of the app is full of low priced items with incredibly high priced shipping fees. They keep your card info even if you select don't save my card info. It's more less another Chinese trick..
Update;my stuff started to come in;mostly small,and none from orders further back.thanks for checking this messege.6/23/20-- I can't check my orders.they aren't on the app. But my card was billed.my orders go back to when you sent me the rose ring.problem is if you don't check on exccessive shipping charges. Then you windup paying too much. But the app. Is fun!.
The products are good prices. But it takes forever to receive them. I have items that have never come in also. Over 5. So if you're expecting great things. This might not be the app for you..
I don't want to surprise you but I'm only 8 years old and it's still so easy to sign and I bought a few toys.That is why I gave a 5 star..
Update to previous 1 star review. The issue of the app forcing me to Facebook so I can login to wish through Facebook seems to have been fixed. Only issue with the app now is how it charges you a delivery fee for every item. Even when you're purchasing multiple items from the same store / person. At the same time the items will come shipped in one package not in the multiple packages that we are being charged for..
App is easy to use and support is great, but items take very long to arrive..
most of my purchases have been satisfactory, only a couple have not been, wish staff quickly resolved the issues..
Great app, easy to use but have to be careful of the hidden costs of things and being double charged for items....
I always amaze this App they have a lots Beautiful stuff. I love it! Thank you if i have a Problems they always response my messages.they are helpful to me so I enjoyed shopping!.
With every type of sign in, app says problem with account. I've never used this application before. whats happening?.
So now we cant get our money back?? I used my wish cash on an item and i only got a partial refund. Why this change? This is ridiculous! Please change it. I do shop here often and some things just dont arrive so i get wish cash as a refund but if you're going to screw me over like this then ill have to uninstall it. I did enjoy this shopping app but now it sucks.
Wish sucks. Don't bother. I bought an item were it said on item listing said it has "Slanted airflow" (vaping item) I showed it to Wish Support he said "Sorry there wasn't any angled airflow, but the store requirements of having Slanted Airflow is there." They mean the same thing... They are stupid... I even took screenshots of the convo sadly cant post them here. Let also it was a faked item. They are using good company's names to sell their knockoffs..
found some great things on here and some of the prices are really good. look at it for your self!! house/cars& stuff for gifts, kids and adults..
Its a good app I suppose but one thing that it does that I can't stand is change the price after you order something. It just cancels my order and when I check the item it's like more than it was before! Not only that, after I downloaded wish again adds for it started popping up all over the place like in Instagram and it's like... What the hell man...
Every time I went click on a product I am diverted to a list of other items, rarely is the product I have clicked on even featured, wastes valuable time not finding what I am interested in..
Hey. What's up! Almost a year since I order in this app. But I did not receive those. I paid for it 😫 Theysaid Hi Thank you for contacting us. I can see it must be frustrating for you that you have not received your mini earbuds. I apologize for the frustration caused and I would gladly help you check on the status of your order. As per checking, it has already passed the estimated delivery date and we can no longer guarantee that you will still receive the item or it was lost in transit..
Hi,wish.im enjoying your app at Google link and i start download the app and having problem with loading page but my internet is fast. Can you guys fix this issue. So i can enjoy this app. Tq.
I believe this is a great app. Very easy and affordable and I never have to wait long for anything to arrive..
Great app, great prices. Only wish you donde have to pay shipping for every article when you buy more than one of the same item..
good app if you need a good gift quick!! Wish has never failed me and Is one click away rather for passing time or buying something. five stars all the way!.
It's a very good app there are many good stuff available at better prices but I wish if this app had cash on delivery options 🥺. I'm young so cant buy things as I don't use the cards..
Started off great, a fun experience, but several months down the track, wish has turned into nothing but Thieves. And I've completely lost all faith in this company. They send the wrong items, they advertise with a picture supposedly what you're buying, and arrives different. So with months of waiting, for only disappointed, items have taken 3 months and over a month over date, then find out the window for refund has closed. Thanks just plain robbery..
I think it's fun to use because you get things you wouldn't normally buy for super cheap. They usually don't look as they're advertised but hey, a cute rug for 7$ is a cute rug for 7$, you know?.
Was supposed to get a discount on my first purchase and the code never worked. Everytime I click a link for a product I'm redirected and the price is higher. Makes searching for things on the web for wish useless.
It's a good app! I get my stuff within 4 weeks! But, if you order ANY shirts, order twice your size. Because i ordered 2xl and it fit like a large! That is the only problem!.
A lot of misleading advertisements. Read everything before you buy and after. Stuff changes. Decent products though.
I love wish low prices, I really enjoy all the varieties of products that they offer jewelry, sewing goods,pretty lipsticks just my colors. And all the handbags .And so much more. But it is somethings that they can make improvements on and that is when a person makes a purchase ,the can release give catalogs numbers at each purchase and give a person the opportunity to cancel out that order or orders right then.that will truly be helpful. Think about it please .,overall I love wish goods..
so far so good I have used the app for 1 year and sometimes things take longger but if you wait too much they reimburse you and let you keep the stuff, but usually I receive it before.
When I try to add anything to the cart it goes to and unexpected error and backs out. Uninstaller until fixed..
Great application with very cheap ($$) products and a selection to choose from..
Works great. 98% I receive what I ordered. Have been using for awhile and no issues with the app..
I really like the tshirt selection and quality. I also find unique gifts for family and friends..
Always find something you've been looking out for and the price is great. Air miles a hindrance so hope ingenuity to CO2 removal comes soon!!.
I enjoy this app to purchase items. The only complain, when you order I suggest you order few items at a time. When I ordered about 6 items my shipping amount was higher than when I ordered 2 items. The packaging it is legit.
I really like Wish App but shipping takes a long time for items to arrive. Seems they're improving. I didn't have to wait too long for my last order to arrive. Thanks Wish for helping with shipping options so customers can get items not having to wait too long PP.
Updated: I was happy with the app, but now i know why it's called wish. You purchase and item and wish like hell you recieve it.....old review: love wish. im so addicted.
has a lot of interesting things but you must read the description to make sure your getting what you after. Sometimes not everything in picture is what you get.
I have a lot of questions that the operating manual does not explain. I wish you would write the manuals in proper English with proper diagrams to clarify any items on the phone. Diagrams properly illustrating any operating points on the phone. Labling clearly each item, each switch, each slot and how to open them properly. Professor Maturi¹.
App not working. Takes forever for app to load, and some pages it's just perpetual loading. Please fix. Love this app and enjoy using wish normally..
Love it. FYI, US sizes differ greatly from other countries so be care when ordering. If not sure, order larger size. But it's great!.
This app is amazing great discounts and I orders so many things from there. I love this app. If I had to order something it will be from this app. Everything always worked nothing bad ever happen to me when I used the app. I love it and will keep using it..
Some items are not the actual listing price. While alot of other items on sale they will allow you to pay for, but then refund your money cause they no longer have it at sale price. "Why not just take those items down if they are no longer available"? It can be a waste of time..
I hate that I click on the thing I like in the ad but it takes you to the whole site and its difficult to find what you were looking for.
Great stuff, just be patient. usually always faster then I expect..
Great prices...wait times can be long for packages to arrive but for the amount of money you pay for the products it kinda balances out lol...patience is a virtue when dealing with wish!.
Good app! It might take awhile to receive some items. Only a few bad experiences out of over 10 items purchased..
I've been waiting for over a month past the time that three packages should've been delivered. I've had packages not show up. Or be the wrong thing. It is a constant problem..
Ever since I upgraded to a new phone & carrier with 5G, this app is really slow to load, worse than my old phone. Terrible!.
it's a good app but sometimes not give you enough information about the item which you want to buy..
Cheap junk everything that is in the ad to get you to look is always not available Reviews are the same across multiple items from the same people about completely different items.
I Love the variety of Items to choose from.🐎 The Couple's Department is Very Admiring to Me! "GOT TO LOVE IT"!.
There's alot of GREAT DEALS and also some not so good items...ya just have to know what your ordering. For the most part the sellers are awesome and will help out if there's a problem. Keep it up wish 👍.
Very professional, and helpful. Shame one cant speak to an actual person when the computer assistant can't answer the query..
I have a love/hate relationship with this app. The product quality is wishy-washy, but that doesn't bother me. I've been waiting since JUNE (it's the middle of OCTOBER now) for a "SmartWatch" that I paid for. "Customer Service" is automated, and it's IMPOSSIBLE to try to get a refund. If I had only paid $1-2, I wouldn't have a problem... But this was over $10, and I just want a refund....
It's good, I can't sign in... forgot my password. Oh, I'll survive,,, I live in Manitoba and weather get very cold here. I purchased a pair of extra large winter boots for my service dog. When I received them, they were so small that they might have fit a mini poodle. Because of postal rates, returning them for an exchange would have changed a good deal to a very expensive purchase. Be careful with purchasing an item that are dependent on sizes, Wish has no way to correct their errors..
Had to deal with customer service. Very good about replacing faulty products. ****Oct 29/2020 UPDATE**** Getting notifications for refunds , Customer Support Page will not load, before & after last update. ***********************************.
I can browse products just fine, but I can't use Blitz Buy or access my cart. I really wanted to get some shopping done, but without being able to BUY anything, I have to browse elsewhere..
Exceeded my expectation with first purchase. Kept informed at every step. Excellent experience with this app, they have international shipping, a helpline, a breeze to use.
Great site with a great varieties of puzzle cubes and other puzzles and other interesting items as well..
Excellent but work with simple payment agencies in every country, like in Kenya the simple, faster and avoidable payment method is M-pesa powered by safaricom.This will bring more customers..
You MUST be careful regarding the quality of the merchandise. The prices are wonderful but you can end up with horrible pieces of junk. Sometimes. But when you are careful, a lot of stuff is lovely..
Everything was easy to find and great free gifts and deals . i found my new shopping network. I am stoked on how great this app is thank you..
Great source of affordable, fun and unusual items. App is easy to use, haven't seen any bugs..
Love this app its so addicting! Shipping takes longer than expected, but the price is worth it!!.
description is usually pretty on point to the product you are getting. Great gift ideas..
very reliable service and great communication, I'm very pleased with how easy it is to get great products to such prices very secure service what they say is what you get . good.
I absolutely love this app. I have only made one purchase so far but I'm very satisfied with everything!!.
Soooo many items! Holy smokes 🤣 you can spend hours and hours looking through it all!.
Love this app. Such great deals & as long as you check the reviews, you won't get screwed over. Use my code & get $5: hlcdwnz.
Great app and place to use. Make sure to look for pictures of the items you are buying.
I love this app! It is a really fun way to online shop. There is alot of random fun items that you cannot find in a local retail store..
I really enjoy the cheaper items they have but sometimes it says a price and when you click on it it's a larger price..
All my were exactly as described. I am a happy camper. The rating system was organized and easy to use!.
I a gud app but it take a long time for your stuff to get to you. If it was faster I would buy more and I would give more Star.
I'm loving wish so far. Just sometimes when it says the jewelry is sterling silver it ends up not being so when it arrives. A lil clear nail polish and that's handled but still, it's a bit annoying. I guess you get what you pay for either way. Also, if you order any of the fifty cents deals you end up not getting them most of the time because you're not the first customer to order it at that price but they do refund your money, so really you lose nothing but time. I've not ordered any clothes..
I used to love this app but now everything i tap on is sold out. I wish they would just take the item off if it is unavalible.. Such a waste of time and tired of getting my hopes up..
For what this is it does a great job. Plus i love the 100% satisfaction guarentee Still love the app. Years later..
The search function is horrendous. For example, I would try to search for a monitor but irrelevant items would pop up such wireless earphones or a printer..
It's always fun to see what wish has to offer constantly adding new and intresting material. No matter what, you can always WISH..
Updated "blitz buy" is BROKEN. I don't know what they did, but the new Blitz Buy is constantly crashing and not working.... Maybe y'all can call it "glitch buy" because it glitches more than it actually works. Other than that, I've found some unique gifts and good prices. You just have to watch the cost of shipping in order to decide whether the price is "good" or not..
The quality of clothing and other items is poor. Hit or miss. More miss than hit!.
After a recent update, Search is pretty much useless. Instead of seeing results for what you searched for, it's literally 85% store links that have nothing to do with what you searched. If you search PlayStation, you get stuck with makeup store links. I loved Wish but now it's pretty much broken..
This is an amazing shopping app that I truly love. The price's are beyond reasonable, and there's so much to choose from that you could get lost in shopping on here. Once the app get's to know your likes, loves, and dislikes, it becomes tailored to your searches, and what you click on. I give it 4 star's, because it take's too long to load pictures of what's being sold..
A wide range of items to shop through. Responsive and easy to use app..
I love to wish and sometimes I find and buy. Nothing better than finding great things to buy at great prices..
The items are really goof but getting delivery charges in each item makes it difficult to buy most of the products. Otherewise its a good app to shop for stuff..
The app renders to slow and for me it's a hit or miss with delivered orders that don't fit in mailbox..
It's been a wonderful experience.so many items to choose from and so easy to manage the site.i've always (wished)for a site like this and finally my wish was answered. Ty..
Would be better if there are more filters, for example to sort by price etc..
Every item appears to be sold out on the app. I've updated the app and it's the same. All items being sold out is impossible.
this app is slower than the turtle .....dear wish , make a wish within a week not more than 10days. otherwise we become older and won't fit properly....never ever recommend someone to use this app. 🖕🖕.
Good app need better pics on some items. but good prices overall. Use to be cheaper. but respect the inflation..
***Edit*** So Wish reached out, offer to make things right, then said my claim was to old. Even though the problem was that they never made good on the original claim. All in all, still a decent app, just be wary of their refund policy. Save emails, screenshot customer support chats.*** Not to shabby, as long as you lower your expectations from what you see, as far as clothing goes. My major complaint is the refund process. After not receiving a order I asked for a refund, never got it..
Love the company. They've come a long way. My issue is the app itself. It freezes constantly. Especially when in the shopping g cart and you're trying to edit items. This really gets my blood boiling when I have a timer going so I can get items at a certain price then I run out of time cuz it keeps freezing. Almost feels intentional. And I've been a loyal customer for years so this has me ready to delete..
May be easy to use and some prices are great! But some charges are hidden and when they say they can't use your card as payment but end up charging you a fee for services they cannot provide this turned me off and is beyond wrong! If I'm paying for something I expect something and I don't pay for something with no product. I ordered a few times but after I was charged for services not rendered I will not order from wish again!!! I don't pay for nothing and I pray you won't either!!!.
Its fun. No really love to window shop all the time and then every once in a great while I get something I cant pass on..
I love wish but get very frustrated when items are either not what you ordered or are found to be unavailable after weeks of waiting. if you are patient you will love it..
Absolutely love this app. Great prices for all the things I want. And so many inovative products..
So far no issues except when i want something that says its on discount for a certain amount of time then its not available..
Easy to shop, great deals , bonuses etc. Fast trackable shipping, honest accurate descriptions. Good to buy here..
Cool unique items and the app is addicting! Send wayyyyy too much money on wish and when it gets delivered I've already forgotten about the order surprise lol. Orders take 2 to 6 weeks for deliver from China in my experience.. Cheers.
The biggest issue for me is that you cannot refine your search (eg by price range, free delivery, etc) or filter the results (by star rating etc), and you cannot sort the results either (eg by relevance, price low to high etc). This makes searching for specific products incredibly time consuming and unfocused. I assume the intention is to make people see more items and add incidentals into their baskets, but I end up giving up before I find what I want and end up buying nothing at all..
I can't believe the items they have for pennies and some are FREE. I am worried I will fall into the shopaholic persona. I avoided coming here. I thought it was just another tinkertoy shop. It is most incredible and fun. Caution: It's a guilty pleasure.😁 Oh...the review is about the app. Oh well, I got a ring 24k free. Who would complain about that..
It has to get updated because its so laggy when you first open the app. It takes way to long to load but other than that its pretty good.
still have not received my delivery have a hard time navigating the help system first time I've ever had a problem overall I still love this app.
clothes are always too small but the jewelry is cute. delivery hasn't been a problem..
Cheap stuff but not the most trust worthy. My items never ended up coming and I've checked reviews and things and it seemed trust worthy. In the end 40 dollars was lost. I am never shopping on the app ever again..
My experiance with wish is exceptional. Love the app they always have great deals when im needing it. And if product isnt right for whatever reason thier customer service always is a breath of fresh air.
great app. easy to use. ive ordered many times and only had a couple issues. those got resolved very quickly..
never had any issues with it. use it all the time, only pain is the wait but that varies.
I signed up tonight. So far everything has been easy to find. Prices seem to reasonable. The descriptions of the products are good..
I love this app but one time I ordered like 10 things and I've waited like 3 months and it didn't come but the 10 things was not too much money as a good thing but usually it dont do that tho but it is a good app.
Great. Lots of useful items for half the cost, even with shipping included..
Many problems with shipping, but seem to always make it right. Frustrating to wait, but support helps every way can..
Love this app, just be sure to check sizes and measurements before you order anything because most stuff comes from overseas where their sizes are smaller..
App works okay; however, Wish's policy to charge a per item shipping and handling fee, takes away the benefit of using the app..
I used to love Wish, but I can't use this app anymore. In addition to making MANY items "add-on items," meaning you can only purchase them if you buy two other non "add-on" items, you cannot even review your cart to add/remove or update item quantities without your phone constantly vibrating every second. It doesn't make me want to "pay now" without even thinking about my order (and maybe buying more stuff), it makes me want to uninstall the app. Ridiculous..
Easy and entertaining to use though I have two issues: 1) Disruptions tend to be vague and you need to actually view the item itself before you get any. (2) There is no way to query an order. You can see where it is supposedly but when there is a major delay all you can do it 'wait longer' there's no way to ask what the hold up is..
I'm happy for anyone else who experienced "shopping made fun", but my experience was just painful. Do a search, only about 5% of the search results were what I searched for, spread through hundreds of other items that ranged from slightly related to totally unrelated. And if time is money, the time I spend trying to find a good price on Wish for what I want would cover the small difference in price from other portals.
Worryingly addictive but you can get real bargains if you are super careful. Wish make no effort to control vendors' descriptions so don't be surprised to see claims of "genuine" gold, silver and gems at ridiculously low prices. Watch out for the delivery costs!.
Good app if you want to get cheap things, but they arent as cheap as they seem Like something is $8 but when you get it to your shopping cart the price is doubled, and doubled again with extremely expensive shipping, and when you order it it takes weeks to arrive Of course this is probably not the same for all items but for the most part you could get a better deal from amazon for most of these its not worth your time or money on wish.
This app is getting better and better but the pickup nearby system is in need of much improvement! If you forget to pick something up on the exact date or something happens which makes you unable to pick it up on that date you get a partial refund and no product because the store doesn't know what's in the packages and can't scan it for you anymore! So the store is left with products they can't deliver and the costumer has to reorder the product or is simply left empty handed. CS is sh*'t too...
I love it! I just got my first item and it was exactly like the picture! I recommend this app!.
After you open an account with this app, it will not allow you to close it. I still haven't been able to close this stupid account. Also, everything takes forever to get to you. Purchases come from China, most of them; It took about 4 months for my order to arrive. IT'S NOT A JOKE. DO NOT OPEN AN ACCOUNT. IF YOU DO, YOU'LL SEE WHAT I MEAN. WHY DOES GOOGLE ALLOW COMPANIES LIKE THESE TO HAVE APPS ON HERE? THEY SHOULD BE BANNED..
Terrible, the app is fine but the service from the vendor is terrible and just close down complaints, in response I have already done that multiple times and the team says there is nothing they can do and auto mark my complaints as resolved and I did email asking for a manager and got a reply saying they could not understand.
Do NOT install this app. Firstly, they are completely misleading in their pricing. Secondly, I had this app installed for only 2 days before getting rid of it. Ever since then, ads for Wish keep showing up in all other apps I use, even just while using my web browser. They exist only to sell and profit from your personal information to other companies. Wish is the perfect example of how online shopping is intrusive. Do not trust this b.s company..
NOTICE, NOTICE: The last update to the Wish app has really messed things up. When I go to my purchase history it just buffers, try customer support, just buffers, try to view my cart, says oops, something went wrong. I've used Wish for quite some time now, placed a lot of orders and have had mostly minor issues, but if this isn't fixed I'll have to delete it. I've read through the reviews and I'm not the only one experiencing these problems after this last update. Please fix!.
If you don't need the item right away, you can definitely get less for it! I love the app, however I wouldn't buy computer parts from Wish or Geek though. I've heard there are lots of computer parts that are modified to trick the computer into believe it's the real deal. You really can't get a good deal on computer parts here (maybe SSDs!) but so far everything else I've ordered has been absolutely amazing!! Thank you Wish!.
Love this app! Easy to use, orders delivered within 4 to 6 weeks, and great value for money. Thanx!!.
Once it took months to receive my covid mask order. At one point I only received the filters for weeks in a row but still have yet to receive the masks with the designs I so admirably appreciated.Then when it came I only got one of them and it was without the designs I ordered..
brilliant, never had a problem. always on time and great products.
wish is awesome. just take your time and look at multiples of the product. highest price doesn't always mean the best..
Really no complaints from me since I have shopped with Wish I've gotten my money worth. Only issue sometimes takes awhile to receive merchandise. Overall I'll be back..
At first glance it seems things are reasonably priced until you add on the delivery fee, for example if you order 3 items at once you have to pay delivery fee for each item, whereas on most shopping sites it would be a fixed price delivery no matter how many items you ordered, I was about to place an order until I saw it was actually going to cost more for delivery than the items, there is another site called JOOM which is practically the same items as WISH but they do FREE DELIVERY!!.
I love Wish, you just have to be careful about what you order because things don't always come, sizes don't always match up with expectations, and shipping times can be torturously frustrating, but most of the time, if you're patient, the results pay off. For example, every unlocked phone I've gotten FAR exceeds any phone I could get in the USA at an actually affordable price..
Things come perfectly but very time consuming!! But they do tell in advance how low it will b. But the product itself isn't cheap and worth waiting!!!.
Ok when it comes to item searches but a few small changes to app could make it much easier to navigate..
A great app for pocket friendly products, although it takes a longer time to arrive. You have to be patient for the delivery..
It's in the name of the app. Prices are right and you can find literally anything. Five star hands down for me..
The app requires too much personal information to use. Like bank statements and id..
I really like the app. I love the free items. Always arrive days before..
The app is absolutely great and the deals are just wow and prices are so affordable. Just loving the app..
Very annoying!!! Price are different but they are showing something else.
It's been good and when some think comes and it's not what u wanted they sort it out straight away. And stuff comes early which is a bonus.
They are the best and always ensure great quality and they make sure you are happy any way possible. The reason for a 4 star instead of 5 is because lately they actually gotten more expensive and for a stay at home mom it sucks. Other than that they're a really good app and have great options for everything you need or want!!! I highly recommend this app plus you can even get money for signing others up with your code and it works I have already made 6 bucks!! Thank you wish! Plz work on prices!.
Only thing I can complaint about is the price it says one thing then when I go to pay for it is definitely not the same price ty but I love it.
Be careful with this app!! Prices change frequently as well as only certain sizes/colors are the display price. They also don't give you items(still charge you) if you don't check out in time. Time limit on prices, changes to full price if time runs out! Go directly for what you want, purchase immediately or you get screwed!! Delivery is months out, by the time I received my items, I forgot I bought anything! The date given on the item is a processing time, not Delivery estimate! Read carefully!.
There's a lot of different stuff in there a lot of great prices but everything is a crapshoot. Sometimes the item you receive is nothing like the picture. Sometimes the item is better than expected. Sometimes you received the item you paid for it sometimes it never even comes. """"Serious buyer beware""".
I had my first order with Wish club, and it turned out it is is not what l have wanted, so l have sent to customer service requesting to return the item back, l received a respond from customer service to send a photo of the item including the details on the package in which l did, since then l sent so many reminders to customer service but no one responded back to me yet, l have several items l need to buy, they are on hold now till l get a respond back. Awaiting your positive reply.
I am getting so many things for cheap! sure there is a little bug here and there other than that it's perfect!.
Overall, my experience with Wish is pretty good except for one issue I have and we are working that one out..
Wish Iz A Great App And, Some Of The Items Are Good But, Sometimes Other Things Aren't So Good? I Suppose You Take The Bad With The Good, Thank You WISH & I ALWAYS RECOMMEND YOU TO, ALL OF MY FRIENDS!!!!!😎👍🏻.
Enjoy your site very much, l use it frequently and always find what l am looking for..
Prices are great! Just gotta watch the shipping costs-- sometimes way too much. The products have not dissapointed!.
The app is not even working! I just made an account and its just not opening! Please fix this.
I love the app only problem some orders never show but they do give you options on how to resolve the issues..
I love this app!!! Even if I can't afford to buy anything at the time I still love looking at all the awesome deals that are available!!!.
Very good app,quality of products matches the description,reasonable price . Delivery process delayed due to Corona pandemic. Needs quick delivery options..
Sometimes it takes a while to get products but everything is so cheap and you can find unique stuff..
Fun to shop. It's always a Surprise as when you will get your merchandise, but fun. Expect when you don't get it..
I love the deals and items that Wish offers; with easy ordering, hassle free and best of all amazing cheap prices!.
love it. haven't had any issues with any sellers or products or the app itself..
I just love this app ! Wish has just about anything you may need or want some things are unique and you wouldn't find them in a department store..
Redownloaded app to see if they brought back giveaways(they didnt) to find "live" auctions. It's just a bunch of bots that drive the price up even when the item was recycled and no bids where there last time around. I had managed to win an auction but there was no notice in cart or order history, so I dont know if I had ACTUALLY won. Not that great of an update....
This company was cool but I have literally had nothing but problems with them for the last 6 times I tried to pay for my items in the cart. They have refunded several orders in their entirety. Frozen my card several times without me reporting fraud, they claimed it wasn't blocked in their end but my bank said it's not frozen on theirs either. I've spend hours shopping and payment wouldn't go thru then I lost the discounts. They said it's unblocked I go to pay and it's still being rejected..
Great I just absolutely love it. It's just fabulous I can't wait till I can afford everything you have. That enough words yet.
Used to really like this app but not anymore. The pay now and later was great but now the only way to do that is to have over $35 which sucks if you're on a budget. Some items were low priced only to double or triple in shipping. I ordered an item, never got it and every time I tried to get a refund after getting tired of waiting I was told to wait until a certain date then I would be refunded. That didn't happen and the previous messages were erased so I had to screenshot everything. Bad app..
The 3 star is because you still have a lot of listings that are faked. Example, a listing showed a whole photography setup. Even the pics showed photography setup. When you put in your cart, it says photography setup. But when you checkout and paid, it sneakily shows that the listing is only one item. The information is written in a small font and greyed out and by the time you notice, the transaction is completed. I would put 2* but they did refund one item for me. Out of several problems..
I love this app. I buy from here all the time. Some products take longer than others to arrive but usually worth the wait..
Love! Makes shopping easier. A few glitches but still great.
Ordered few items initially, partially delivered on time. Very good price. Amazing discounts. Keep it up. Recommendable buying platform..
Wish is a great spot for online shopping. I've never had good luck with mens shirts or jackets. So far? Too small. Even when ordering a XXXL!.
The app doesn't wana work I tried for 2 hours and stil doesn't work I even left it to buffer over night and doesn't work..
Great prices and interesting to look at even if you don't buy. Something for everyone...
I love the unique things that I can find on Wish for myself , family, and friends. My daughter and I are into Boho and Wish is the best place for both of us to find things that are just perfect for inside and outside. I recommend it but be aware that shipping is not cheap..
Quick and easy selection of daily and some unique items that are delivered to where ever you are in the world.
It's a great app if like things at a discount price. I like things at a cheap price..
Great app! Great stuff!!! They have EVERYTHING for great prices!💕.
All good. Wish refund promptly if there is a problem. If only more online sellers did the same!.
Price on the product says one thing (one example was £1.55) but in the basket jumps to a much higher price with no warning or explanation. (£5.90) *edit to add* the price was listed next to the option I wanted in the drop down menu and at no point did it update or change until it was in my cart. I checked and every single option did the same thing, so it wasn't because I chose a different size/colour/design..
Saw a new update, so uninstalled and reinstalled the app, order history is still broken, but can be viewed if you filter it. Customer service as always is entirely useless..
This app has only easy way to put product into cart, but while checking out it asks card detail. Even the card has proper information, it shows error. Actually it has no COD or any online payment option, except "Credit card. . Product items shows different prices initially, but there will lot of hidden charges.. even after u put products into cart, there is changes in the price of the product automatically. Waste of time .. too much disappointment. Fake and worst app ever..
I exceptionally love this app!!! its 100% accurate, all your details are safe and it has many loving items to choose from but certain items may take a while to arrive (make sure you're patient :) though miracles do happen) otherwise so far all my stuff come at the right time!!!.
Im a first time buyer for this App. It was a positive experience I will buy from them again. Fast and efficient..
Pretty cool app. Gives a TON of discounts, and very reliable. One thing, it doesn't give you much of a tutorial. It gives you a discount and sends you right into the buying, which isn't bad, just would be better with more of a descriptive intro. Also, there's a lot of advertisment of sex toys which is.. Uhm.. Not what I wanna see while shopping for hoodies. Overall, it's a great store/app..
It's a great app, better and broader options than Amazon. The one downside is that the items don't necessarily arrive on time, nor will the app notify you when the gift has been received. Also if the app does notify you about a gift being received, it's not necessarily true and you could be waiting longer than expected to get the gift. Other than that great app.
This is a great place to find almost anything you're looking for, i have been using wish for a few years and never disappointed!.
Some items are very misleading. Always always always read the description before buying!! Always..
I love wish. Most items arrive early and the items are always in great condition..
I really like Wish, good products, the only thing is it takes a while to get the products (few weeks sometimes longer), but it's okay..
Great app for great products at super low prices! Any thing you want or need you can find! Love WISH!!!.
Products are at a good price point. You have to throughly check out the sizing descriptions. Many items are smaller then expected, and allot of cheap plastic parts..
Nicely ordered a product and it was shipped to the wrong address, the shipping address must have been mistakenly written but it is not my problem because Wish can't meet its accuracy to its customers..
It's a good app the only thing I hate is that they tell you one price and when you click on the picture there is a higher price..
It is a very good app. Ive had it for 3 years. I highly recomend this. It sells good and useful things. They are good products..
I love this app. You have to pay attention to details. I may come in different sizes, colors, etc..
nice app, I love it very much every items I purchased was delivered in hand, quality still OK , satisfied.
I purchased a set of AIR HORNS a while ago and when I received them the horn ends were broken of the main base unit making them junk. If the packing would have been better they may have been OK, but I will never know..
When I started using it things were great; almost too perfect. Prices and even shipping were low. From the start the items took a while to arrive. My latest purchase was not just a flop but a loss. I was constantly looking for an update for time of delivery but never got one. I didn't hear back from seller, they never offered a refund and after 3 months no communication my products still have not arrived. It's clear I'm not getting them. I placed that order back in April 2020..
App works really well and makes it easy to purchase items when not at home even with only a 3g signal.
Has lots to choose from don't quite know how to choose sizes when they don't show when you place item in your cart..might fix that.
I would be much happier if you would just put the exact cost of the item. 🤔 When you say the cost of an item £3 and then i click on it to buy and it then said £9 then £5 shipping.🤔 This message i will also give out to friends and family. So hope you can fix this. Then will be happy to share your app. Other than that i am happy with two of the item i have received and understand the waiting time so happy with that also. Kind regards sandy..
This doesnt let me add anything in my cart or to even check my cart to erase some stuff..doesnt give me any info. On my profile. It just doesnt work!.
A lot of stuff very cheap you'll like it if you try it and seem to be a verb very good quality of most of things are coming out of there.
App is running very slow now. Still the same after I update it..
Love this app, easy search for anything. Easy to use. No complaints. Can even set up a wish list for later purchases, awesome, thanks. Recommended. Always check the sizes though as some are not au but asian sizes. And obviously shop around you may find it cheaper elsewhere but in general, i have had good experiences with it. Happy shopping..
My daughter-in-law turned me on to Wish, I was using eBay. I was like, WoW! I've been on the wrong app. So far I am impressed with it! Thank you.
Awesome App! You can find anything & Everything that is very cheap & useful...I find things that I didn't realize I needed & got it, did it ever save me so many times...I love to shop & what better way to shop then cheap plus useful... smh...you definitely won't be upset about your purchases nor their personal service...oh and if by some chance something is wrong, they go ahead and fix my whatever issue and make the situation resolved as quickly as possible..
everything I have bought is as exactly how it is described it takes a while to get but worth the wait.
So far I have had a good experience through Wish! Wish offers good promotions in the app so people have options to save money or get nice discounts..
Shopping was great so many beautiful choices, prices are much less than other apps by 5-10 percent.
Good variety of products, but would be nicer to have a quicker way to review your past purchases.
I love shopping on Wish. Huge selections in every category. I've received all my orders before they said I would. It's great!! Thank u.
love, love, love this app! I've enjoyed shopping with this app for several years now. if u can't find it on wish u probably won't find it anywhere!.
I normally receive my items after a long wait or refund, if necessary but this time I waited for a specific item to arrive and today, I wanted my refund because I never got it and then, they told me that it was not possible because the refund window was closed one month ago. Seriously? I'm telling you that I never recieved my item. Why can't you just refund my money? It was around 25$.
This has been a great app, delivery is on time and 5he tracking system they use is helpful ..
For the most part, good stuff. I would avoid electronics or things that are over 50..
Always Love my expirences shopping on wish and the products ive ever purchased have been great condition and I very much love how low their prices are!.
I love wish! Items always arrive early or on time. I love their shoes, purses, wigs and hats..
So far, so good. I have boughten a lot of stuff off of here. Just be VERY CAREFUL! Read the reviews and try to only buy from those that have had MANY purchases...I would say at least over a thousand. Only way I trust them.
Great website I always find things to buy. Good quality for a reasonable price. Fast shipping also..
Great!takes a little long to arrive,but great items and prices.
Always takes months to recieve an item IF you recieve it, be careful to check on it. If not you'll pass the refund date and you'll just be out of your money..
love this app. very satisfied with most products for the price you can't beat the deals..
The best place to find unique, quality items. You don't know what your missing if you haven't shopped on this site!!.
I love wish there's always something cool and interesting to look at even though it may take a while to order to come in it's always great to get something that you forgot to order.
read the fine print and expect it on no timeline cause its usually late. but i think of it as a suprise! love wish!.
Its amazing the amount of goods on offer at super duper prices! It really does make shopping fun 😊.
Anytime I had a problem, it got fixed very quickly and to my satisfaction..
Takes forEVER to load. And images take upwards of 10 minutes or more to load... and only a few random ones at a time. I've updated the app, cleared cache and data, reinstalled the app and that only got me to just what I just stated above.... It was even Worse before I did all I did, which is WHY I did it. Note 10 lite new phone (2 months old).
This app is so awesome like you can literally get free stuff. But you have to pay for shipping which is usually like 50 cents or a dollar. I usually write bad reviews because everything's like a scam but wish has stuff for rlly cheap. It's really hard to find free stuff. But I took a wish quiz/survey thing with 6 questions and got 2 dollars- and I bought an acrylic nail set thing. I'll comment and tell u guys if I rlly got the stuff bc its being shipped rn.(using the wish quiz money).
This app is horrible, if you choose to ship to store. The app refuses to load the order page!! All other pages will load, but not order history or pick up notification. So I can't get the QR code needed to pick up my order! I've had multiple items "refunded" because I COULDN'T pick them up!!! And refund means....I spent 6.00, I got refunded .91! It's an app to steal your money! You pay, but there's no guarantee you'll get your item. No money back. No dispute.... because those links don't load..
clothing is often too small! some products don't work or dont fit..BP cuff is way off!.
Good app, though there is only AI support and no responsibility for the shops that are offered on the app. For example, I have ordered diapers (like I need them asap, the order has not been processed for more then a month and wish is doing nothing about. It's funny cause every day I expect for it to be processed and I really don't want to cancel it 😭).
The accessories items/bedding were well enjoyed however, the clothing was not acceptable as the sizing wad too small. Also when trying to order from the app for items that had multiple colours or prints, the descriptions did not match. It was difficult to determine what to order. It was more user friendly if the items were identified with letters or numbers..
This app has been the most AMAZING and WONDERFUL app for shopping. You're a fool if you don't download it. You're going to LOVE IT. All the rumors about the items being generic or low-grade products is a LIE. The people spreading that NONSENSE don't have a clue what they're talking about. I've received nothing but excellent quality and service. I'm very pleased with the items I receive so much that I trust my home and my children safty/security with some of the products that I've received..
At the start, was great, no problems. Then last year, couple items didn't turn up, took ages to get a refund. This year I have ordered quite a few things for family. Get given a delivery date, items don't show, then add another 4 weeks, items don't show, now have added another 8-10 weeks on delivery. Have tried to complain, asked for refunds on a number of items that haven't turned up. No joy. Will not use again. Ordered an item beginning of June, arrived in UK 22nd of June. Still not received.
Very affordable and easy to navigate around unlike other App.. quality stuffs and classy.. Good work...
Lots of good prices and tons of items to choose from. We can search through different choices for hours..
LOVEEE wish! Its everything I ever "wished" for (lol had to say it)😄😄. Good deals,I love the spin wheel,NEVER had issues receiving my items,just have patience though! Unlike ALIEXPRESS who sent 2 items I ordered to the WRONG ADDRESS wish never has! I also appreciate the immediate refunds they give you with 2 options to do.. just refund back to your card,or wish cash which can be spent on anything!.
Great product excellent price fast deliveries, one feedback is need multiple selection when choosing colors, size ect without adding it 1by1 to chart,.
it is a good app but i am giving it 4 star coz it doesnt provide cash on delivery. So it was pity disappointing. it's a good app u can use this app..
its great if you can get the sizing right - postage is crazy though - All 4 items arrived in the same bag but I was charged individual postage for each item.
This is a splendid deal on a quality made heater It arrives packaged as specified in a very timely manner I'm glad I got such a fine heater.
Still learning about using this media stuff but really convenient, easy to manuever the site..
Clothing sizes are hit and miss but any complaints are dealt with very quickly.
I have ordered many things from different categories and have had only one issue, which was resolved quickly..
One of my favorite apps. Love the prices. And their shipping is so much faster now..
I use to love love this app... Even if the shipping took forever I still loved it however I will no longer be using this app the last 5 things I've ordered I never recieved and they wouldn't give me a full refund on the item..
Great Shopping App. With Some Great Options On A Large Variety Of Items and Great Prices On Those Products As Well!.
App seems a little sluggish at times but other than that its been a good experience so far..
I love this app. The prices are amazing. The products are exactly what you see. I've never been disappointed..
Wouldn't touch this app with a stick if it was on fire 🤮 Only installed to write this review and will delete the second after. I hate their intrusive and annoying ads on other apps and I can't believe anyone would fall for it. Intrusive advertising makes me boycott companies with such bad netiquette. You should learn something from the saying "attraction rather than promotion". If it's any good you wouldn't have to shove it down our throats..
For the most part i only had one problem where i completely lost my money and theres nothing you can do to get your money back if you go past the refund time but most of the delivery dates are past the refund time..
Love the app. Since being stuck at home, the app makes things a little more bearable. Just have to know what you need before you need it and order accordingly. They have just about anything you can think of. Shipping in the US is pretty quick just look for the flag. And international is just about double. Add a couple days due to global conditions and you're good to go. Thanks Wish! You make shipping from home fun..
I have been shopping with wish for about 4 years now. I have heard mixed reviews. My personal opinion is, the majority of the time all the items I have purchased come on time and come as I would hope they would. There is a few in between that are either late or was a lot cheaper than what I thought it was going to be but I think that comes with about anything in life I honestly would suggest to use wish and just like life do your homework investigate each store before you purchase..
Very creditable app! Prices are genuinely cheap and transparent (sometimes a different size, colour or model of the same product will cost more than what is advertised, but it is made very clear). I only have 2 nitpicks: 1) there is no option to sort the search (understandable since it is mimicking a shopping mall experience), and 2) there is no reliable way to go out of your shopping cart to check for coupons without risking losing your pop-up offers. Otherwise, love it!.
App just spins in circles trying when trying to view purchase history, legal terms and customer support. This app simply does not work! I have been waiting months for my orders and app no longer pulls any history and when raising a complaint, I am advised to uninstall and reinstall the app. Still does not work. It is not a pleasure buying anything on this site. A word to the wise, think twice before departing with your money on this platform - you may never get your order/s..
App is really good. I find myself just looking on it and making a cart and then deleting some of it. I just figured out how to look at my other list I saved Thur profile. The only thing I would ask for them to add or change would be when they return something if they would highlight it in red so I know that I'm not getting the item and that I should be looking for the money return on my card. Cuz I really don't read my emails. Lol.
The app is not relevant if we can find desired products and not be able to buy them. I've tried and failed on several occasions to place an order. The error read "we were unable to update your billing information. Please make sure the information you entered is correct" Same information I use successfully across platforms. Fix this and I'll sure give better rating.
Easy to use, lots of products. Love it! Edit: I've reduced the number of stars, as after I reviewed the app, I started having problems. It won't let me look at my order details (basically it doesn't load the page), and I cannot review the items I have received. If this continues, I will have to stop using the app..
Never shopping from here again.. Brought nail polish that was on sale for 25cents. While checking out it didnt even show the price of the polish and for two boxes i ended up paying 47.00 a box for this cheap polish which by the way does not even dry. That was all i had to my name which i even tried to cancel the order but since it was over 8 hours it did not let me however it did let me cancel all the 80 cent items i ordered but not the polish . thanks alot Wish.
Samsung Galaxy S9: Wish App works very well, transitioning across multiple adds, pages, shopping cart, pop-up ads, specials, etc. so very easily, I give the Developers a congrats, on a very fine Application. Runs smoothly, no problems. Have placed several orders with no problems. As for the experience, Wish is awesome for finding 'stuff' you didn't know you wanted 😉 , and a lot of great deals. Thank you!.
Excellent, I just love it. Everything at the push of a button. Awesome indeed. Thank you so much.
Apply Wish promo code in promo code section and get $5 coupon. Great! Awesome products and cheapest prices. Excellent services. I love this game in almost all aspects. The graphics are good and the animation is awesome. But there's not much in the builder base. I mean there should be some sort of wars or something different. Otherwise we just have to attack and upgrade things. And please bring in some skins for the battle machine. Also,pls make more skins available for other heroes in gems..
GREAT deals! Some products much better than others, but all in all, I like Wish!!.
sometimes you get lucky, sometimes you don't. you can still find great deals and a cheap price of you read other reviews..
I love the wish app..I refer to Wish before making almost any purchase which I do not need to recieve in a big hurry..
bought loads via this app. if your happy to wait a few days for delivery then shop away. excellent customer service, always happy to resolve any issues..
I hate how their Facebook ads don't link directly to the product shown. How am I supposed to buy something i can't find? Fix your busted links and you can have my money because the link leads here not to the product..
So disappointed to see the hidden charges while selecting the items, it wasn't like that before, deleting the app.
I like the variety of products on the app. Not really had a problem with postage although things do take a while to come.
Very good store and has a lot of things I needed for cheap!! Only problem is that it gets you with shipping cause its expensive for some items and there is no joint shipping :(.
It's is not easy to add or remove items to cart. It isn't easy to know what your balance will be. Prices are often deceiving. And the "deals" only last a short moment. They rush you to check out. I'd spend $ with them if it was more relaxed. Plus I would like the option to remove all items from my cart at one time, so I can easily start fresh..
I love this app. Every this is a whole lot cheaper than in store or on other sites..
Very deceiving ads. Buyer beware. There are good items but some make false claims like 8 T portable drives that were actually just a box..
I love wish. One of the best apps ever. Never had a problem with getting my purchases or had a problem with the things I have ordered..
So far so good but the price may vary from the start after clicking the buy and sizes and colours.
It's become quite boring to be honest, in terms of variety. The same old stuff I've been seeing for the past 2 years despite looking for so many things. Sizing is always way too small most of the time, and I wish they were sized differently. Taxes went up, even before covid, and I briefly had issues with items not showing up to pick up stores. Aliexpress is better and I find myself opening that app more often these days. I might leave wish soon after I get my last packages..
Extremely low quality products and inoying UI, ebay is much more better that wish. Each time bought item i regret, I had very bad experience, I am going to delet the App.
So far, everything has arrived on time and has been just as described. Prices are excellent !.
I've had to purchase several clothes items to understand the size differences. There are items I've bought that I can't wear, but I'll be giving them away as gifts. Children clothes, are great quality and great fit. I have bought non clothes items that are just spot on. The perfumes are authentic and at great prices. Overall I've been pretty satisfied with the purchases I've made at Wish..
Great for purchasing items from China, but you must really check the items, because there is no good description and specs on most things. Also, the quality is not the best, but it does the job most of the time. 2 out of 8 items were not what I was looking for. Still I got a refund for 1 of the items, and trying to make due with the other one..
So many awesome, useful items. Shipping takes awhile on some things. Sizes run on the small side. App is organized & easy to use. I wasn't happy with a few things & one went missing during shipping. I contacted customer service to find out the policy about my issue, & was SO pleased how easy they made it to resolve with Wish Cash!! I find how often i get on to look. It will take hours, maybe several days, to see the huge inventory of supplies at clearance prices!! Love Wish!!!.
My daughter said her friends warned her not to use this app but I used it anyway and got ripped off so I will never use it again. the quality of the products is extremely poor and when the products don't work you may or may not get a refund horrible cheap site.
I like the app but unfortunately I can't make/add items to my cart since yesterday,and all items are been sold I try uninstalling/updating it but no any improvements.
been using wish for a couple years you have to definitely know what you're purchasing that everything is exactly like the picture. Decided to try the new send your items to the store near you they did not even tell me that they arrive in the store early and then also they will send your things back if you do not pick him up by a certain time. Well how can you pick them up if you don't know if they're there? Highly upset..
I have used this app in the past with no delays or problems. This virus pandemic has pushed back my delivery by over a month. Just a little frustrated. I ended up getting it earlier then expected. All the new items i purchased came early and i was highly satisfied. With everthing. Thank you.
Never get code sent to email,which is correct for refund on item that was never received. Did work before but not now. Support is not helping either. Please see if there's a fix. Edit: response: Been in contact with actual people for 3 days. All different people reading to emails all with the same response to get refund through app. No one helps. Edit2: finally got through with someone with a brain at a different address. Got my refund. Please look at code error on why it won't send to email. TY.
It is an ok app. Really lacks functionality like advanced search and advanced filtering. You cannot filter by price or anything on the app. The main reason I gave this app one star is because they do this limited quantity junk where they put an item up for really cheap but only give the price to the first processed sale of the day..
All in all I've loved using this app but there is an issue with the search function recently, no matter what I search I just get the 'browes local items' page and nothing to do with the topic im looking for even if I have purchased items from this topic in the last month or so, I've done what was suspected and it hasn't helped.
My shopping with wish is never a problem, takes a while to arrive ,but worth the wait 😃.
Great app, but having difficulty with changing my email and adresses..
pretty cheap.....most of the time good quality but there are some times were it could be better.
It's amazing if you want the best deal on things because wish literally has every thing :).
Could do with some new ideas for new figures love the app though sometimes things take so long to come but worth it!.
great app great service no complaints here! keep progressing and continue to market awesome products! Thanks to you all..
This app ad online shopping is the best and it's safe. Might take longer to deliver but all they products a as shown on pics.. I love it thanks 😊😊👌💯💯💯🔥.
Beware! it's a scam. Buy at your own risk! Some items bought are not confirmed but yet your money is deducted from your credit card. Unsuccessful purchases are refunded but they only refund half of what you pay. Emails sent does not get replied. It's a scam!.
I love Wish for all the random stuff you can get on there. Delivery just needs to be quicker!!!.
Fun browsing & shopping. Great items. Easy pay & interesting finds for gifts..
Everything came in one package and it was easier to handle. Just make sure when it's delivered have them leave it at the post office or make sure it's for you and sign for it cause mine was just left on the porch..
Actually better than I thought it would be. Hard times and tight budget led to a new fun place to browse without hurting my bank account! 😛.
very good items pleased with everything i have had ,haven't used them yet xmas presants the look good ,and everything has arrived quickly.
Items found here are quite enticing, it's easy to find what you want..
It just sucks! Its slow. To many ads. Deleting the app again. You Suck!.
I was skeptical at first & irritated that the actual price of the items were not as advertised. Maybe I'm missing something here. But I loved every item I purchased, except one.. I didn't care for the plastic mask, but it made a good gift. I'll definitely order more things. Nope.Nada.Not fun to order 5 dresses & only one fit. No fun to order 4 tasers, one doesn't work. No fun to get overcharged on shipping. No fun when an advertised price was 5xs higher, I cancelled & got it anyway.UNINSTALLED.
They don't take security seriously. Went to sign up, but apparently someone in Indonesia is already using my email (they may have hacked an old account i set up ages ago, haven't noticed any weird transactions on my credit card, thank god). Pretty annoyed that i didn't get any kind of email when my profile name and location got changed. Sent an email to their support team. They asked me to send a screenshot. Wut? How about verifying my identity and then checking the transaction history?.
Love the selection of stuff offered. Although you never know if what you get is going to be good/med/poor quality. And shipping takes forever. Costumer service is also a pain to get ahold of. And the return process sucks unless you cancel your order almost immediately..
good products. customer service excellent, if you have an issue. products usually right on the target date, even sometimes earlier.
I tend to go overboard with this app and all the purchases I make. I definitely DO NOT enjoy "purchasing" an item just to be charged for it then weeks later get an email notifying me that I will not be receiving this item after all and that a full refund will be made but will take days before the refund is so called "finalized" ?? How irritating. I'm still waiting for the dozen refunds that im supposedly supposed to be receiving....
Nice app, I've order some stuff and it came up quite good. I didn't order shoes or clothes because i'm sure is not the quality I expect but the other stuff it's really nice.
After a year of not being able to use my account. Request after request. I can no longer recomend wish. I've sent required documents at least 12 times and they just keep requesting it I've lost my points & they cancelled my orders.. I no longer feel as I once did. I loved all the things I have ordered for gifts and for myself. Reading reviews helped with sizing. I'm NOT impressed with quality & service! BUY American! No more from China!.
Cheap but fun goods .. don't go mad and spend loads .. more money led quality I see . But have had good fun with smaller products..
Easy to use , related options are a big help out too, Overall a brilliant app.
Intentionally horrible search. Can't sort. Can't see shipping cost of item before adding to cart..
When you make your first purchase on the app you are supposed to get a discount. I picked two things for myself, wanted to check out, and then had to wait for my purchase to be processed. Thing is i could have waited for as long as i wanted, because it simply wouldn't load even after the third try; it just kept loading and loading. Now thanks to that, i'm was unable to redeem the special offer even though i did everthing in time. Already have no motivation to keep using the app anymore..
Apply Wish promo code in promo code section and get $5 coupon.Absolutely, love it! Great experience, Well... It's a good game generally. Except for the fact that there is always a deck of cards that can easily wipe yours out no matter how tactical you are. So losing is guaranteed most of the time. And also, You often get put with players with higher levels than you, and when you lose (which is perfectly normal), you lose a significant amount of trophies. It can be quite frustrating.
Can't purchase anything, major Bug! Had the account for years, then suddenly it stopped accepting my cards,PayPal etc. Tried reinstating cards only to get errors, errors and useless your account OPPS..something went wrong look it up online. Tried to,found nothing helpful, spoke to tech help..nothing, sent emails....nothing useful. Sod this, deleted account!.
Sometimes Wish can suggest some truly strange things from it's marketing algorithm, but it is what it is; less than perfect items for a great discount. My lessons: Don't order anything detailed, like a statue of your favourite franchise character, and remember the ads are in USD. Most of the things I have bought have arrived quickly; within two months. Although in a few rare cases it has taken significantly longer. Overall I am quite satisfied with my purchases, and the price I paid for them..
I got all the item at the exact date... quality Is depend on the price.. but all in all I'm satisfied!! keep it up!.
Good app. Only issue can't upload photos from either camera or gallery.
In the past I never had a problem with wish my packages would always arrive and some would even arrive early but lately I'm lucky if the packages even arrives late as most of my packages are not getting delivered..
Amazing shopping experience. Lots of cool items to shop for..
It's easy and convenient shopping. Plus the added bonus of getting free or discounted products for nothing but the shipping costs..
excellent to pass the time and I find an actual good deal occasionally. gotta watch content and size and other factors. 👉🤔😬 but it's fun.
I'm finally recieving help for a troubling issue, it did take a while to get any help so don't move while using the app delivery option! otherwise this app is fantastic! Lots of cheaper versions of awesome stuff!.
I love it. Some items are cheap prices and some are free but only pay for shipping..
Best shopping app on amazon i found a blanket for 70 dollars and went on wish and found the same blanket for 25 dollars cheap things decorated my room with all wish things.
Love the deals on this app, tracking isn't the best but it does the job..
It's alright. It says one price but you click on it and it gives you 2 or more options which cost more. Need to list everything in USA SIZES..
Easy search method for the product I was looking for and good pictures of them!.
The 4 star is because you still have a lot of listings that are faked. Example, a listing showed a whole photography setup. Even the pics showed photography setup. When you put in your cart, it says photography setup. But when you checkout and paid, it sneakily shows that the listing is only one item. The information is written in a small font and greyed out and by the time you notice, the transaction is completed. I would put 2* but they did refund one item for me. Out of several problems..
Just takes along time too get it but it more than makes up for that in the price paid and quality of product.
Brilliant app, everything you need in one shopping platform at reasonable prices..
Apply Wish promo code in promo code section and get $5 coupon. Fun but So. Many. Ads. Ads after every play (and they're 3-4 minutes long) and sometimes ads interrupting my play (for instance, I will be actively in the process of placing tiles and all of a sudden, an ad pops up and they are also 3-4 minutes long). Ads in every game mode. Ads. Ads. Ads. I'm fine with an ad every now and then but it is over the top with this game and they are SO LONG and SO FREQUENT and so disruptive..
Final edit: My last response from support said dark mode straight up "doesn't work on all apps and it depends on your operating system". Please fix :) would greatly appreciate it. Again, I have a note 20 ultra. Besides this, all in all a great app I've bought many things with. Some items are scuffed and don't last long but those are the $1 items..
Very perfidiously made apk!Very opaque application and anything you touch immediately takes your money! It took mine 90 euros while I was watching buying options! I cancelled all those "buyings" . Now I have to wait 2 weeks for refund! All banks are closed it's Friday. So I can't stop this fake operations! I will update my review when I get back mine 90 and something euros!.
Love it. Some things aren't "EXACTLY" as pictured or described. But it also says color (s) may very due to light, phone/pc screen color setting, etc. They did send me a European wall plug to the U.S.A. (easy fix) and 1 order arrived months late (w a refund) but many many orders and will continue. Buyer caution and make sure you read the fine print.
Awful app. Hell to get into and more hell zo track a purchase. Nothing personal here. I try every now and then to purchase somewhere else other than eBay or sellers I've used for years and I always end up with the same stupid problem with childish apps that are buggier than hell won't take my password and I'm having to go round and round and create a new password and they take forever to send me a link so I can do it I don't recommend this sale portal.
So far, love the deals and products, BUT all of a sudden I can't buy anything because it showing everything as sold? So is wish not working?.
The app itself is good. Unfortunately the quality of products is terrible. I've spent about £100 on different products and they are all very low quality. Everything also took ages to arrive and multiple orders were packaged together although I was charged multiple postage costs. It is also near impossible to get a refund. I have not been successful so far. Please don't be fooled by the pictures and low prices. It is true here that you get what you pay for. You can low price equals low quality..
never had a issue with the app or many of my orders . some deliver quick others take there time, but when a package arrives ive usually forgotten what I bought and its a nice surprise to open something I forgot about lol..
Ok so far...I've only browsed so far & at times it's slow. There is quite a variety of stuff to choose from.
This app is amazing, fast delivery. U can get stuff in 2 day shipping OR 7 day shipping OR ON HALLOWEEN. But also, some stuff will delay and wont come. Dont fall for scams! U also give free masks! AND if u first install it, U get any item for free for the shipping of only 1 dollar! U can also earn money to buy stuff. I recommend downloading this if u are looking for stuff..
Great site. Items are good quality and arrive very quickly!.
Very disappointed in the app. I have ordered a few items to give it a try. I either recieved the item and it was an odd shape compared to the pictures. Or i dont get it at all. When i contacted customer support at the beginning of the year i had the option to wait or recieve credits. I should of recieved credits then because little did i know they wont do a thing for you after 30 days, even though it takes half a year to recieve most items. I advise to not waste your time and use amazon or ebay..
Until this year, I had no problem with wish. If your item is NOT RECIEVED by the date they "ask" you wait until, you will then be told you "missed the refund deadline" and will NOT receive your money back OR item. I have $20+ of product now in "Wish Cash", and $10 more of product/my money that I won't see. I was told to wait until AUG 10th, to then be told SEPTEMBER 9th was the deadline. It SHOWS it hasn't left their country. You now also cannot leave reviews on stores/items not received. Trash.
I enjoy this app ive been with wish for 3 years .Just like to say it got nasty threw with all the sex play toys my grandkids can look at it know more.Why did your do that.But i still get alot. Of my christmas with wish.Love it just wish youll would take sex toys off thanks.
Bad, ordered 3 things on the App and looks like my order got stuck somewhere cause its been almost a year and haven't seen a single item...cheap app but zero products... fix this problem before sending millions of ads everywhere.
The app was working just fine until this latest update. Now when I click "buy" it gives me an oops something went wrong notification. I refresh the page and the item seems to have been placed in my cart so I click on the cart icon and I get another error page telling me refresh and try again. I have signed out, force quit the app, uninstalled, restarted my phone, reinstalled the app, signed in again and still the error messages. NOTHING is working. FIX THE APP!!!!.
No flexibility to payment methods , it only asks for credit cards , who don't have credit card cannot order through this app , useless app , very disappointed.
I had no problem with wish up until a few months ago when I ordered an item for about $15 and never received it and was denied a refund. I was told my refund window was up although it said on the app that shipping may take longer than usual, I didn't expect to never get it so by the time 3 months later I went to get a refund they refused it and never sent my item. Sticking with amazon..
Really easy to use, great products at very reasonable prices. 👍.
This was good, now it's garbage Recently my orders never arrived or sent to wrong address. Other similar apps might be better.
Cheap. Easy to use. Everything always comes and doesn't go missing like Amazon..
Only one bad experience so far 90% of 100. But still good app..
Received everything pretty fast. Was happy with everything I ordered.I love this app. Thanks a more than satisfied customer..
Most of the items have been great. The ones that weren't were refunded or replaced. Love shopping here..
Only downside is additional postage added to otherwise reasonable prices soon mounts up..
its very good so far! cheap stuff too, just be careful on what you want.
I love this so much! I've ordered a lot of stuff from this website! Thanks so much wish!♡.
Really good app but the items take a while to arrive sometimes..
Very easy to use. Very well designed with plenty of information to help navigate around each category. With a great tracking so you can see where your purchase is. Highly recommended..
This is first time I went to the site--I instantly liked it. Not sure if it was the selection of the freebies to choose from for 1st time buyers,. The simplicity of the dispayed items and prices; or the variety of items offered! Not to mentions easy ways to get even better deal. Hats off wish. I'll be shopping regularly..
Amazing!! I have newer seen such perfect customer service and after sale help. Refund policy is way far beyond the expectations. Thank You Wish team.
App may/may not be fine...but anything I want to buy is always SOLD OUT! Do you seriously believe anyone is going to spend 20-30 minutes looking at the duplicate listings, repeated hundreds of times? SUGGESTION: If a listing is sold out, REMOVE THE LISTING!!! UPDATE: 1-star, being they reply with standard form letters, and blame merchants for clogging search results with multiple duplicate listings, where everything is sold out. Apparently they just don't care about customers; shop elsewhere..
Most things are awesome and what is showed. Something come faster and others take time. Witch I like both because getting package when not expecting is awesome. Wish does provide awesome tracking the whole way. You might be shocked what you can find on here also. Anyways I really like it and would say, take a look, can't hurt..
I did think that this app was a good one because it had good pricing but ever since I bought stuff from here u think otherwise. I bought two phone cases and two screen protectors off of here and have been waiting for about 4 months now for the phone cases and the screen protectors came about a month ago. When I go to track where my order is at it had said the same date from a month ago and it is still stuck on that date. Even though the date changed 3 different times as well, that why I rate 2.
Love this app... Everything I need, reasonably priced or better. Plus, you can earn money by answering questions or inviting your friends. It's like getting paid to shop at your favorite stores. 5 Stars!!! Love Love Love this app! 🤗😘😁👍.
Great and wonderful for about 5-6 years now. COVID-19 is making things much more different and difficult with orders now, but all in all, much love with your service..
I have been using this app for a few years now....but lately it's not working like it used to...very very annoying,,it won't open order history, so can't track my items...after complaints all i get are the same answers asking me to uninstall and reinstalle, send screenshots. Screenshots of what! Its not opening! Now their sending me "question about your order" with a screenshot of item,,,,but there's nothing to see in their screenshots only a little tiny thing in the top left corner l can see it.
Fantastic app and lots of great bargains. I love it. Thank you..
I've never bought anything from Wish yet,so I'm trying it out. I hope everything is exactly as it is in the photos, if it is I should be extremely happy but if not I'll be back way for different review..
Nice products at nice prices. Pay close attention to item descriptions & expect long shipping times, but overall great!.
Love shopping on this app. It's great and lots of products..
OMG!!!!!!! GREAT APP TO FIND EXCELLENT DEALS ON.. SHOP HERE, SAVE A BOAT LOAD FULL OF CASH& LIVE SO MUCH HAPPILY EVER AFTER!!!!! AMEN & THANK YOU JESUS!!!.
Have gotten some good buys in crafting area. Otherwise, provides endless entertainment in offering some of the strangest things.....
Easy to use and find almost any accessories and clothes....
It took a lil longer than i thought to get my items and two of the items didnt come at all but the ones i did get where satisfactory..
I love shopping thrue wish alot of great deals , just takes a bit of time to come in sometimes..
very good shopping site and delivery can take too long to arrive..
it's great platform for buying anything you want online and very easy with good price.
Wish sizes and measurements were in the discription a d sometimes it takes a very long time to receive..
Wish is not a bad site it's like a bedding on what you really may want and need for the price you may need it for it may hit the price it may not hit the price things here are the lowest I've ever seen in an online system..
Had a few great deals from wish. Which is great for me, but depends on what you are buying. Fair amount of dodgy things..
As long as you read the reviews to figure out sizing, this is wonderful!.
Great deals for these products, most of the items I bought are presently being used. 🤙🏽🤙🏽🤙🏽👍🏽Reccomend it to everyone!.
Great shopping especially during covid-19, the prices can't be beat!.
It's great so far, besides certain little things being so high in S&H prices other than that so far I don't have a problem with it. Plus I can earn money to spend..
Some great bargains, excellent prices and a huge range..
The app is nice but the products and suppliers are bad. I ordered a video camcorder or I believed I did! Instead I received a camcorder microphone which is hardly worth the price with delivery. They advertised camcorder all along with a introductory offer price 90%off! Thank God I only ordered once! Scam stay away! Oh and delivery takes months! Deleting the app!.
I put in search criteria and all sorts of junk comes up. No option to sort by price etc. No option to query anything before buying. No advance knowledge of shipping costs, have to buy, review cart, if delivery or actual price shown in the cart is too high, have to set qty to zero then remove the item. So long-winded, really annoying. NO order number when giving problem feedback. I have had two problems and get confused when they ask me to rate the handling as I dont know to which they refer..
Really happy with the whole experience! Wish kept us up to date with where our parcel was and it arrived earlier than expected. Thank you for the great service!.
I have used wish a lot and usually it's right on point. Be sure to read the reviews for the item you're looking into. Wish is a great app already although I just wish they had more payment options like putting so much down and then paying the rest in whatever agreement that is available also to help credit for payments or something and having the option to buy Wish Cash from your bank card. I'm only making a few suggestions that (in my opinion) would help make Wish a better app. Thank you!.
When I initially dwnld your app, I was searching for a dress u posted on FB, I was unable to find it! Any suggestions when looking for a specific item posted on FB? TY.
Love the app, works great. Just be careful of what you buy. Always read reviews and don't buy anything expensive. Wish is perfect for silly gag gifts and small stuff, but I recommend not buying anything for serious reasons or anything expensive as there are definitely scammers on there, so be careful..
I love this app, I can get things I've always wanted at a cheaper price. Sounds like a great app to me !.
Easy to use, wish it had free shipping, but everything is cheap so it's fair in a sense.
Have not had this very long an are an were a very aprehensive online buyer/customer. I do have to say it's very cool, I like all the variety an ease of the app. I have gotten 1 or so items with some delivery issues although these issues are still pending it may be that they were not delivery flaws at all but some other sources or measures at works that had prevented or possibilities are being looked into, so yes this is a neat app I'm interested to see how the rest of my order an delivery.
⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐I absolutely love this app. It is amazingly addictive. The products are always as described and delivered before the date suggested. ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐👍👍👍👍👍My only issue would be that it makes zero sense to be charged a seperate delivery charge for multiple items of the same product from the same seller!. I ordered 10 of the same sweatshirts and was charged $10 each for delivery. So my $18 sweatshirts cost $100 to deliver. Not cool at all..
Apply Wish promo code in promo code section and get $5 coupon. Absolutely, i love it! Fantastic shopping app. I like the app, I don't have any issues, much better than my Crave app which lags all the time and the price isn't too bad either ! **Update** Whenever I use the app or another episode starts, I always have to stop and take the subtitles off, because they turn on automatically, this just started happening, about 2 weeks now, and I'm not very impressed 😒 it's a bit annoying..
Very handy to have such a large variety of items on offer in just one Web shop. Great products and quality customer service!.
The app works fine, overall a good, intuitive user interface.The issue I have is with the company itself and its shady buisness practices luring in unsuspecting shoppers by advertising massive discounts and low prices.They first of all will not even let you browse without creating an account requiring you to imput your personal details (likely to be sold to marketing companies) then the kicker... delivery costs as much as the products ur buying... and offers like 50% off only actually give 10%.
I was checking items and I sent a few to the chart, by the end when I was done I was going to review my items. I think it was a glitch of the app or I don't know what but as I was removing the items, it takes me of the page and when I go back on the chart, all of the items are gone. I go to notifications and then it tells me I paid for the items even when there were still items I was removing. The app cost me £112, I am still trying to get my money back and had no response whatsoever. Unhappy.
I trusted this app and i liked it. Was a shopper on it for a long time and would even like to keep using it. Then it stole $50 from me and my order history, customer support, and some other tabs/sections will not load on the app. I tried being paitent, deleting and reinstaling, emailing Wish. No help on anything. Especially that 50 dollars. They charged me for the same pay later twice, and admited to it being wrong, but ive yet to be refunded and this has yet to be fixed. Will update if fixed.
The application is great. Sometimes a bit slow, but easy to follow IF you read your screens. The help page is great! I was lost on a question and the help page gave instructions by step and I was back to my project in no time..
it's great I like the styles of clothing but sometimes it take a little to long for my order to arrive but other than that I will order once and a while..
I love the low prices and so far I love the quality of my purchases. However, I don't like the amount of time it takes for my purchases to be delivered or the amount of shipping costs on certain items. I'm actually doing some of my Christmas shopping through this app!!!.
Extremely upset! I've only received 1 of the packages I was supposed to receive. They didn't notify me that I could get a refund until after the refund window closed. I'm very upset this app used to be good don't trust them anymore..
All in all it's good experience a little frustrating when they tell you there's so many of this or that and you don't receive it but can't complain prices are fair.
They should put the right price on everything, instead of saying one price and then you go to buy it it's a different price. That's false advertising. That's the only problem I have with wish..
Very cool selections on everything. Fun to browse,better to buy..
great sites. would be much better if products purchased would arrive alittle earlier or in some instances at all..
Very good app with lots of deals and reviews with pictures..
For the most part everything comes fairly fast most of the time and everything good quality other than some jewelry I got was fake but overall love this app.
I rather never buy in wish again, my experience is pretty horrible I paid for more than ten products and I haven't received anything. Just don't believe in this app or surely they will stole your money //No volveré a comprar nunca más, mi experiencia es simplemente la peor, pagué por más de diez productos y no he recibido nada. Solo no creas en esta aplicación o seguramente terminarán por robar tu dinero..
What is going on, please?! I have paid for Order 5f9293d577b72d72eefe9f44 Which you say is on its way ..... BUT ..... Your Tracking and Support links are not accessible, NOT THERE ..... "404" !!!!! And in My Orders you say that I have "No Orders yet" !!!!! Please reply ..... this is a completely unacceptable situation. You are bombarding me with mails inviting me to shop further with you ..... WHY would I under these circumstances?!.
On wish you could find a wide selection of whatever it is you're looking, for at the cheapest price you could find..
It's got great deals & makes generous offers on top of the deals already in place..
The app is great it's cheaper than amazon and honestly it's a great way to purchase things offline.
Have order several items ! Only had one mix-up ! Yes you do have to wait for delivery ,but no problems yet !.
Very easy to navigate products shipped and received in a timely fashion.
The quality of the merchandise on wish has gotten much better I would definitely recommend this at any of my friends.
One of the beast application for the wish shopping made. I like this application. I am so happy...
This is an amzing app, and so much stuff you can but it has great shipping and really good prices i love this app ❤❤.
Apply wish promo code while shop and get $5 coupon for free. It's absolutely so cool shopping company. What is wrong with your app?? Click on links on the homepage and it takes you elsewhere. Right now I clicked on the appliances section, it takes me to books. This problem has been persistent for quite sometime now. Get your act together or else you will lose old faithful customers like myself to your nearest competition. 27/9/20 The filters are absolutely horrendous esp. for fashion section..
I am pleased with just about everything with the app. Things take time to get to be but Wish is very open before you order to let you know it will. The thing I don't like is you can't just call Customer Service. You have to put in a request for Customer Service to call you back with a certain amount of hours or days. (I think it was 24 to 48 hrs) I've never seen or dealt with a company that doesn't have a Customer Service department that you can call at least during "normal business hours.".
In spite of what must be the unavoidable occasional hiccups with recieving ordered items, i cant deny my knowing I'll always get on wish. Its just too convenient, too affordable and too much fun..
Useless. No matter what form of payment I tried I got an Oops message saying to contact support. Waiting over a week for reply..
Apply Wish promo code in promo code section and get $5 wish cash free. Something wrong with the screen view. I remember it used to work fine earlier but now it like only single product can be seen at a time. One needs scroll horizontal or vertical to see other products. Really inconvenient for a user. I tried to check if there are any settings to specify number of results to be displayed on screen but couldn't find anything. Not sure if this is a bug or I am missing something..
Great app with pretty cool stuff for cheap prices, just be prepared to wait on shipping..
The inventory has a very large selection and I have always received exactly what I was wishing for. I do enjoy shopping on Wish..
I like the different veriety of stuff to choose from and most of it stuff I even like but the .50 cent deals never go through and it's a inconvenience of having to purchase it before you find out if you got it or not then always having to mess with the refund mess afterwards that and half the stuff will say one price then be a different price when you go to check your cart before you checkout ..
Thus far, I've only surfed around the app, but it seems like most of the merchandise (on here) are quality items, and that most prices are certainly, at the very least, fair to (if you're lucky enough to be the buyer who get the price drop) absolutely incredible! Can't wait to get started on here!!.
The service worked wonderfully for years. However, I haven't received the majority of my last five orders in over six months. Despite the GPS tracking on the packages showing that the orders were all in China when they were "delivered" to me in the United States, I'm still having trouble getting refunds..
some of the earrings are a little more flimsy than they appear to be Online!! But I still Love U Wish!!.
So many issues and bugs. I liked this app for a while, until my orders started to not arrive. Then a couple days ago, I paid for an order using wish cash, and the item got cancelled for no reason. My money wasn't refunded. And wheneveri try clicking on customer support, it doesn't load, regardless of which device I try to use. Scammers..
So the no i havent received button hasnt worked for me for 4 months even with re-installation. Then it finally works today out of a random try and it says that i passed the refund time. On two items. Use to love this app but screw them. Your not gonna email me, not gonna notify me in the app. No attempts to reach me about the product. So now im out a total of $12 which is half a tank of gas. Before they even respond to this, you can keep my money im not changing this review. Yall suck. Ebay bay.
nice app. but it takes forever to arrive or give you your total money back. but 50/50 chances.
I Absolutely LOVE LOVE WISH, the shipping time has improved greatly however it could be better! I hope that they can work on the shipping that's my only problem.
this website is the best thing I have ever been on, it's so cheap and easy to use, you do get some hiccups now and again, but I'm glad I was told about it..
Great items.. Addictive shopping but take ages and you have to read the description ALWAYS.
So far every thing I have gotten has been for my Grand daughter, she is a big fan of the Hamilton Broadway musical so she loves the pillow and sleeps with it every night since we received it, plus she has always been a fan of Harry Potter, and the Dobbie character has always been her favorite, it is hanging on her wall by her bed. I have been very happy with the items I have ordered but on alot of your things you should put in the descriptions in English so we know if it's the size we want..
Great items at great prices. Just be sure to verify item details before ordering.
Great deals! Love shopping without breaking the bank!.
Nice products, good pricing, but sometimes a long wait..
This app is good and has good prices but they add exta money 😡😡😡and they add any thing i like to my cart just imagine i just worstest my money but the nice thing is the things is the .......
Nifty Stuff and Reasonably Priced, Ty for making your site easy to use. ~ Cee.
wish is a great app with unbelievable products. just search you'll find what you're looking for.
Wish is a great fun app with lots of choices, cheap prices and innovative products..
love this site. Wish is getting what you wish for at very reasonable prices. the shipping is a little too high on some things...but I like the variety of merchandise....
please put on app live chat direct to custumer service not automatic chat.i have problem issue but i dont know how to call custumer service and no live chat on application...
This is what I have said to them on the app. Please bare in mind I have not recieved a refund for over a week after the small refund given. Ive asked for a refund on a item I purchased, the refund was recieved but only 71p of the £5.71. I have asked multiple times for this to be refunded and nobody has done anything about it. I am not happy. I have waited long enough for someone to even acknowledge my emails asking why the full refund has not been given..
Love this app. Would love more consistency with delivery and dates though..
Great products i order 2 to 3 sizes bigger than normal and that works well for me love the dresses.
App has trouble loading unless on the homepage. A lot of the products are pretty low quality half the time. Be sure to check out the reviews and customer product photos before buying. A lot of the products for sale use stolen photos to advertise their knockoffs..
LOVE this app!!! The quality the cost the assortment of choices....perfect. If I had to, only complaint would be getting refunded my money instead of the product I ordered, i do know it's out of their hands and at least they're making it right. Shame a single one or two can effect a reputation when they aren't even representing the name as they should. All and all, I give u 99% thumbs up Wish!.
I always use it and its rare (maybe 10%) of the time that it doesn't match the photo. Read the descriptions and you won't get jipped. I shope on it all the time. I'd say a good 60% of my wardrobe is wish. And I love it. Just read the size description as alpt are Asian sizes (aka smaller than American. If yr a medium in US order an Asian Large).
I no longer love this app I have ordered two items and something is wrong with their system i cannot get my refund, as much business i give them they should be able to fix the problem. If you order something and it doesn't come in don't give it more time and wait because that is where the problem lies just request a refund.
Great App, and I like the pricing. I've gotten a few necessities and pleasures from this app, Packaging is always likely to come in rough, but the product survives %100 condition-- %88 percent of the time. Which is damn impressive. Wish does a great job with recommendations too..
it's like Amazon but instead of the receiving the item you receive a beautiful photo of the item you ordered (sometimes framed). 6/5.
Fun. A little overpriced.. after I year I give up on getting my orders. Some take a month after the estimated delivery date.. some NEVER COME! SO after getting refunds, after refunds, because the items never come, the automated agent let's you know that your account may be monitored for fraud- but the fraud is overcharging a customer for items that they wait months for- and leaving them with nothing. I'd give a lower rating, but 1 out of 5 orders comes early! How random..
Apply Wish promo code ➡(c c g q s v s l) in promo code section and get $5 coupon. Absolutely, i loved it! No problems sending or receiving. I was afraid to use this type of money transfer on a new smartphone because I am 70 years old and I'm not very tech savvy...I thought it would be too difficult. Turns out I had nothing to worry about; super easy, immediate, and beats waiting for a check in the mail. I've gotten friends to download it after my recommendation, so we keep up with the times..
Tracking was clear and helpful. Good for shopping. The product was of good quality arrived on time and in good condition. My daughter loved it. Will definitely use wish again. In fact I have done and recommended it to my family and friends. I order for my family off wish and have converted them to join too. Feel feedback is helpful to others considering joining. Happy shopping Sally. 😁.
I saw an incredible deal on an electric scooter - 80£. Was supposed to arrive mid August, its end of October now and i dont think im getting that scooter. My mom ordered an iPad and recieved it nearly a full year later! You might be ok ordering some smaller bits, but im never ordering anything of actual value again.
Great product. But the site has too much going on, too crowded, hard to figure out what you ate doing..
Keeps on giving me notifications for deals that don't exist. Not sure how you allowed to get away with clear misrepresentation. Not happy app deleted.
Very interesting product, prices aren't to shabby either 😉 👌..
This Wish - Shopping Made Fun - App'. By Wish Inc'. Is An Amazingly - Excellent - Shopping - App'. With Some Amazingly - Excellent - Deals!!..
Love this app. You can find so much stuff at a great price..
So very good app to use when you want to buy something unique for yourself..
Great app... nice place for cheap items.. shipping can be slow but expected..
Always very good quality products as advertised and very inexpensive as well..
I just started ordering from this app I don't like how long you have to wait for your items even after paying for it up front it takes to long..
I am very happy with the wish app I just wish the shipping anh handling wasn't so much you don't save much money with when shipping and handling are so much but all in all they have what I need..
Great app, easy to use and customer service bis easily accessible.
As we all know, $€%# happens!, whether it be caused by the post, customer or the third party you purchase from, well Wish always put the customer first with unwavering support. One of the best!.
You know the one thing that bugs me? Codes that say up to 50% and up to 70% and they never actually are. It's always a pointless 5%. Seems disingenuous to me..
Delivery "estimates" are very iffy, but decent items for the money ..
Never had any problems and I've ordered tons of stuff. This is awesome!.
I have purchased a few items in recent months. so far it's legit and some items are a hit or miss..
Love, love, love the prices! Do not like shipping and how long it takes for product to arrive..
Use to love this app but since the latest update I haven't been able to check purchase history or get any notifications for when my parcels are ready to collect because of this I have missed an order and it has been sent back now i can't get on to customer support to sort this issue out!! REPLY: I have have tried uninstalling and reinstalling a couple times still have same issues...
The app worked fine until it came to pay, I couldn't find the option to make a payment so I gave up in the end.
Love the Wish App as it is so easy to navigate as well as great prices and faster delivery than it states. So many different items, They have just about everything and anything that a person could/would want. I'm always ordering so much stuff off of Wish. Wish is a great app and I love the sellers/stores a lot. highly recommend checking out Wish if you have not done so yet.p..
App is terrible I have full bars of service or connected to WiFi and it still takes forever to load sometimes it doesn't load at all. I've tried everything I've uninstalled and installed and still no change. I have ordered some things once I receive them I'm uninstalling for good and not messing with wish again..
Apply Wish promo code in promo code section and get $5 coupon. Love it! I would rate 4.5, but only whole numbers are allowed. The option for persistent address bar and tabs is very welcome, something that firefox now lacks. Built-in dark mode, instead of an add-on is brilliant. It's very fast and seems quite light while using it. Love the fast scroll handle, it just needs to pop up quicker and have an option to change sides. The only real complaint is how obtuse it is to use the bookmarks..
Broken app, everything is apparently sold out, I've uninstalled and reinstalled but same thing and I think the description of items are showing my predictive text history or words I've entered into search engines? I noticed a weird description that made no sense at all and it was comprised of precious keywords and terms I've enter on my phone before? The description of the item was entirely different on the web-browser. This app is definitely broken..
Not a bad app, but not good either. Items take a long time to arrive, and I can't blame wish on that since because of covid and etc. Items are cheap and the many products I buy don't last long. I guess that's what you can expect from cheaply made items..
Updated review: if I could give 0 stars, I would. Still no item I ordered and paid for..3+ months. Contacted support, it stated unfortunately the refund for this item has expired...WHAT! I never received item. Instead received wish cash...guess what ACE, I don't want that. I want nothing to do with this app. Give me my money and we'll be done. REFUND WINDOW CLOSED ON AN ITEM I NEVER RECEIVED!!!!.
I think the site is cool, but there are difficulties when switching devices. It is easier on a smart phone in some ways and easier to see things and do other things on say a tablet or computer/laptop. It is different depending on which device being used..
not as competitive as claim. when there is an issue only get a bot response. one of their sellers fraudulently made purchases of over 200$. got one order made after that. now my account is frozen. sent in I'd pic to get unfrozen as they requested. all I get now is an email saying its blocked by the system see previous email which there never was one. deleted account. will never shop with again. they say shipping time is 2-3 weeks but it's closer to 2-3 months..
Hacking? I thought before when I had someone try to reset my password after I installed Wish and purchased it was a coincidence. But I got a new phone and within 2 hours had that happen. I had a bunch of Google auth codes sent to my phone at 6am. Also their prices have gone up. Items I have night before are double the price now compared to a year or two ago. No thanks..
I am STILL WAITING for my seat covers and bracelets.What I DID receive was great, except for the purse. That was too small; there was no way to keep it closed, and there was no finished seams. I TRULY hope that this site starts using inches Also!! All in all, I could have gotten the same things on at a different site without the OUTRAGEOUS S&H CHARGES!!!.
At first it was nice and perfect, now it become a headache, i made more than 20 purchases and it was successful after they confirm my ID which i have sent to them when they ask for it, the my las order containing more than 10 items didn't go through because they need a confirmation of my ID and my payment method which I paid with over and over again, they kept ask for my ID which i have send it again for the thousand time, and they keep sending email again for it.
Great price, great quality. Just need patience for delivery..
Hit or miss, some stuff comes fast, some takes forever.... Some stuff is nice, some is cheap disposable junk... Prices are unbeatable though.
Apply Wish promo code in promo code section and get $5 coupon. Since updating the app, the 'At a glance' widget has lost all it's functionality aside from the current date. When I uninstall updates it works again, showing the weather and upcoming events. It also links to my weather and calendar app depending on where you tap on the widget... But now it has no functionality at all. Really sad to see one of the cleanest and most functional widgets go to waste like this :/.
I love the great prices and ease of finding what i am looking for!.
Love the prices and product selection. Returns are no problem..
The ordering process is easy and the products are a bargain for the price..
great app great prices. and alot of items on there stuff I never even thought of.
I like browsing through the website it's easy to use and my items came really quick and I loved it cuz it was all at once will definitely shop again.
Easy to use app, just take care with some items as not always what you see is what you get in the post.
The experience has been nice, except when l want to buy items for . 50 ,they are always out of them , l don' t like that at all so please improve that thank you ,Renee' Smith Derrick ❤ 💖 😊 💙 💕.
App is pretty good but when you get an email about a deal ya open it and it is nothing about what then were talking about.
Lots of things that I can find easily and the products always arrived. So far so good..
I found a ton of great products. All at really great prices as well. Highly recomend to anyone..
I really like this app. Great stuff for the whole family with reasonable prices..
The prices are really good but it does not give us better payment options only credit card is available why not Debit and cash on delivery. I m very fond of your products but I can't buy it due to your payment options . Please do something about it at least allow debit card. I really like the products and excited to buy it so plz do something about payment option ..
Some of the merchants are shady and makes the site looks bad. However, there are some honest merchants on here, which is why I gave it three stars. Overall, it's a good app..
It is a fun way to shop. So many items sold by so many sellers in 1 place.
Only draw back is I spend too much money. Their prices are awesome. I just can't stop shopping. Love this app.
My first time using this but looking forward to seeing their items once we order and actually Wishes products are great and at a very very reasonable price..
Love it. Between Covid and mobility issues I do most of my shopping on Wish..
Decent shopping as but the checkout attention getter to finalise purchases is agrivating so only 2 stars..
I love wish. great prices and great products. I love just window shopping for hours. I always find so many things I want. This is the best place to Christmas shop, you will get so much more for your money. Just because it is low prices doesn't mean it is cheap products. A lot of the items are the same items you pay way more for on Amazon and your local stores. And no one told me or paid me to say these things and I am not one to write things on the internet. Wanted to pass along a good thing..
Although it was claimed to be delivered on August 15th, 2020, I never reveived it. I wasn't allowed to even report it never being delivered until September 18th, by then I received a message saying "the refund window closed on September 14th." What a joke! So basically the first time I ever used Wish, my money was stolen, I received NO ring, Wish didn't even give me the option of reporting it was NEVER delivered UNTIL AFTER THEY CLAIM THE REFUND WINDOW IS CLOSED!!! RUN AS FAST AS YOU CAN FROM TH.
So far my experience has been terrific I found two items that are difficult to find outside of this app and they're quite reasonable especially the cell phone holder for the steering wheel I love that. I've only had it for 2 days wish I'm talking about and I'm still browsing and there's a lot of good things there so just have to wait and see..
After 2nd purchase had to uninstall the app since all items showed sold out and attempts with customer support kept asking to follow the same steps even though I told them I had already followed all steps. Unfortunate that it works great for friends but mine once I click on an item a $1 item changes to $10 and being sold out, has never happened to others that have the app..
great i love wish, the only flaw i have is some of the products are really cheap and not exsactly the same as in there photos this happened occasionally.
Apply Wish promo code in promo code section and get $5 wish cash free. Absolutely, awesome! Love it. Some things aren't "EXACTLY" as pictured or described. But it also says color (s) may very due to light, phone/pc screen color setting, etc. They did send me a European wall plug to the U.S.A. (easy fix) and 1 order arrived months late (w a refund) but many many orders and will continue. Buyer caution and make sure you read the fine print.
Awesome products , along with awesome prices for the whole family. Thank you wish !!.
App is nice, works well, dates not believable, cause of covid. Tracking is useless. R30.20 hidden delivery on each purchase.
Good products. Easy to use. Fun stuff to look at and buy..
Inexpensive really cute stuff, &better quality than I expected. Always excited when it arrives..
I love Wish, it has everything you could ever dream of. In the past it took a while to get your order, but they have been much better. I love the fact that you can pick up local. Couldnt ask for a better place to buy kids outside toys. I am definetly a Wish Fan. Keep up the good work..
I "WISH" I've never download this app, WISH just stole my money. Wish say they refund me on october 24th, but I did cancel my credit card on september, so they cant send me my money back through that account. Wish only say they refund me, but where the hell you sent my money, you cant send to a close account, the money will back to wish, I'm going to demand.
I love wish! takes forever most of the time but super cheap and mostly great quality.. wish hack= always read product review prior and buy like 2 sizes up!.
Fun and new like but be better to earn points then inviting friends cause most of my friends dont want to do it so I dont earn any points but I'm at least trying.
Apply Wish promo code in promo code section and get $5 coupon. Great app, lovely design and easy to use! Items are delivered very fast, I'm very pleased with service. Thank you ☺️ I LOVE this game! I love fashon too! I've bean looking for a game that has a lot of 👗 in it. I like how Angala copies you when you speak. But sometimes it gets a little bit annoying. 😐 I don't know why everything is so expensive. I mean, I just want to get something! But Angela herself is so cute! I just ❤ her..
I can not access my cart or anything in settings address or anything uninstalled reinstalled ect.. nothing says something went wrong for 2 days now....
It has been great to received items from wish I have enjoyed all my product from wish. The only to say it take a long time to received your items..
I'm so amazed that you can literally just about find anything you would ever want or need in life from clothing, shoes, accessories, Jewelry and even receive extra money and gifts now seriously for a second I kept thinking to myself it's to good to be true, but it absolutely 100% TRUE.. Get on the WISH APP & download from there follow the prompts and you will be happier than ever.
great app for cheap products only flaw is the time it takes to ship which is understandable due to covid..
Have to say only 1 problem since using this app. Great shopping app..
This is a great app for gift buying, but the shipping prices are way too high..
Easy to use and enables order tracking and confirmation of completion 😃.
Unable to pay and place order. I am from India and it is showing only credit/debit card option for payment.. however, even on entering correct details, it is not adding payment method..
I got a shirt that was supposed to be for my husband. I ordered it the correct size but it was made poorly due to the fact that it doesn't fit my husband. I contacted support and Kathleen is saying it's basically ok that I ordered a shirt that was poorly made. Um I don't think so. That's my hard earned money and they are basically stealing from me since the shirt doesn't fit and REFUSING to give me a refund or a bigger shirt. DO NOT buy from here. They are THIEVES..
Fun ap, Sellers can be hit or miss but browsing crazy items is interesting..
This site is great. Prices are very good and all items delivered when promised..
I love all the variety of products available. Many times prices are right. Sadly the shipping fees are way too high or they charge twice if you order the same item morethan one. I don't find this practice to be fair. Also, the delivery of certain items may takes few weeks, so something to keep in mind. Don't understand when an item is featured at $30, but become $40 when added to the cart. DO NOT buy beauty products here, they are knock off..
XIt was really fun shopping from my chair. A whole lot better than going from store to store. Saves a lot of time and energy and there is not other shoppers bumping into u or shoving and pushing. Thank u so much. Lynn.
For the most part good experience so far. Except that there were many things i have picked out that don't reflect the prices initially shown..
Actual sizes should be made more viewable and easy to pull up with photos.
enjoy shopping on the wish app. great prices, wide variety of items for shoppers.
great shopping app, love the low prices, and discounts. 👍👍.
It's a great app to have, great deals and almost anything you want..
I love wish! The prices are great and so is the selection of items!!.
Love it! You never know what you'll find. Shipping has gotten faster as well..
great prices great choices, if your prepared to wait a bit it's well worth it. 👌.
This app is pretty good. I haven't had too many problems with it. I usually get my stuff on time, but some items take far too long. I have heard some people not even getting their order and/or getting the wrong thing. I have never ran into this problem. I love buying from Wish..
Most products are not as pictured, sellers use pics of quality/known products to get sales, shipping is rediculous, (even before covid times)...a rather disappointing app/shopping experience all round. Will await my last 2 items, then delete account, uninstall app and return to good ol' EBay. The old, "we have shipping factories all over the world" is utter BS, otherwise one wouldn't have had to wait months on end for items to arrive...the truth is, everything comes out of China, hence the wait..
Good, if you don't mind seeing a hamster wheel for your 'Order History' and 'Customer Service' in-app options... basically makes it impossible to return items (which are hit or miss, at best), or complain about not being able to return them. Frustration at that, ridiculous shipping times, and quality/misleading advertisements earns this review ⭐⭐ out of ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐.
Great products at great price...plus you get to see new products.
I like shopping with Wish. Yes it takes a while before you get it but it's worth 8 out of 10 times..
I enjoy looking at the wish products alot of neat things for anyone. Had no problems with the product and no problems with the shipment it actually came sooner than i expected. Thanks so much very satisfield with Wish.
love this wish,so much to shop and so much to see all at good affordable prices..
Great Shopping app! I save so much and have bought many items from it with quality of their products being Good to ABOVE EXPECTATIONS! Gives great deals every week saving me more money. Happily would recommend it if you're looking to save money and find items you didnt know you needed!.
I love the great variety of items Wish has!! There is soooo much to choose from!! Love, love WISH!!.
A lot of products! Bought 2 things so far. 1 took about 5 to 6 months to come. The 2nd thing took about a week to come. I will buy from there again but just dont get anything you need soon. App is pretty easy to use. I found it hard to review the first item and customer service didnt help me but the second was very easy to review..
Quick, easy shopping. Sizes can be misleading but have excellent quality in most items..
Live many of the great deals, on so many items, items arrive before the scheduled day..
just legit. rarely is there ever an issue. always get my stuff, usually early..
Offers are short-lived but frequent, giving nice savings..
so much fun to scroll thru thousands of items and then buy something. only issue is shipping time if coming by ship from China..
I like shopping in wish a side affordable you can find always what your looking for..
Great app has very good items and some not so good ones however they make good on anything that isnt what you asked for.
great site. just be very aware and read all details carefully..
I love this app.The shipping can is fast 90%of the time the other 10% isint to fast but i really recommend this app.
haven't really had any problems with stuff I have purchased. but I some cases I kinda figured what I was receiving. All and all really good.
cheerful and pretty open to most products that are suggestions.. love finding hidden treasures on here I cant find elsewhere.
love this app great quality and the prices are excellent and really helps ya thru these hard times!.
Well I'm not sure if I have say that it is good so well it's not bad ether it is just it keeps loading for a few minutes and that's what I don't like but the good thing about wish is well it's fun to be on and that's what I like about wish bye for now 👋👋👋👋👋👋👋👋😜😜😜😜😜😜😜😜😜😜😜😜.
My experience with wish was great as I got to see the difference between this app and others I have used before as they carter to different people's needs and in order to meet everyone's expectations and suit different personalities, which i really liked. I loved how their product come with different colours and sizes and also how it really easy to checkout your products and that people from different countries and regions can get something to suit their tastes while still being stylish, cute.
Best deals you will ever find shopping made easy shipped right to you and everything and anything you may want or need and merchandise is always top notch and if there is ever a problem wish will take care of if with just a few steps to return always be my #1 place to shop....
Cheap products for good quality. Shipping doesn't take too long. Will definitely recommend this to anyone who loves shopping but want to save alot of money while doing it..
While the app is functional for buying, ot sucks when a problem arises. There are pre-loaded questions to most issues. However, when an issue arises and you need to speak to someone regarding a specific case topic?? Good luck!.
Apply Wish promo code in promo code section and get $5 coupon. Absolutely, love it! Great app. Well done team!Very much satisfied with the experience.I personally like fake or not it is a nice initiative. One small suggestion: plz add the option to add details for exchanging an old product before any flash sale so that our time does not get wasted during the flash sales. Now it's not like before!! Max is awesome. The team is working alot on the app. Also the clothings are awesome..
The app is very good except for a fe a few flaws for slipping Android boxes Everything else on the wish is perfect 💟.
Apply Wish promo code in promo code section and get $5 coupon. Its awesome app. The game is good overall 👍. I like playing it. But still I would like to see some new features coming in like stats section for a particular champion so that the players know how one of their champion has played over a while. Among the stats you can add sections like win percentage of individual champions and many more. I hope the game team understands it. Great game. Love it😍 Keep it up 🙂.
I mean its a good app i get what i order. Some of the sales have been late and some of them early. I only wish shipping fees were put with the price of said item so you dont have to click on it and scroll down just to find out you xould buy the item but cant pay the shipping....just saying make it appear next to the price of the item or something that would be nice..
Love this app. Fast delivery. Measure twice before ordering..
Use to be great. How it's a money trap for garbage. Often unreliable..
Very low prices, only to find that the price fluctuates once viewing item and delivery is not added onto the price straight away. Also can be waiting many weeks after purchase, even way past the expected delivery date. Other than that if you love a bargain and you don't mind waiting this is great.
This app should show item location prior to ordering, if you want something in a hurry, purchase it, then find out its coming from USA or China, isn't helpful at all. Display of item location would be most helpful..
The customer service is shity. They cannot answer your questions so they send you to an app and charge you 5.00 for them to try and solve you issues . I'm not paying money to an app to solve an issue that is on wish app. There is no number to get a live person to get your issues solved. I have bought a lot of items from wish and home. I will send a note to the BBB. I can't even pull up my orders that are on the way of shipment. This is the second time this has happened. Still can't change email.
Enjoy the easy to use features. Has great discounts..
The app is so slow when loading and searching ect making it hard and time consuming for me when surfing in the app,.
This shopping app is the easiest one that's around,or that I've been able to find.
Love the prices and the assorted things youcan choose from, they have everything i have ever needed!!.
My experience shopping on wish started off great. After ordering many different types of items you start to notice the price is a reflection of the quality of the product. Having issues with defective items after receiving them is a pain with customer support being none existent anymore. Also the estimated delivery time is very deceiving especially when they change the date on you two to three times pushing the product out farther without notification. Not the best support.
great products at reasonable and realistic prices. Thanks Wish for considering the small guys..
Prices unbelievable!can't not purchase. Shopping cart is always full..
Shopping with Wish is fun. I like the Customer service. It's very helpful..
I absolutely love wish! Great quality items at a low, low price..
Love shopping on wish!! Anything and everything i could possibly need is all at my reach on Wish!!.
words can't describe the superb service that Wish offers and that it's always improving!.
Love your items at times I have to pass on some items because of the high cost of shipping. The way your co. Charges so much based on per each item. When I found the cost you paid by combining and shipping items together, IS!!! consideredly much less. So I have cut back on purchase do to this. I still love your store but costly, friends of mine have mentioned the same thought..
Great app found lots of discount items and it had a lot of selections.
Used the app for years rarely have a problem but it always gets fixed. But right now I cant use it it keeps loading but never loads. I hope this fix this soon I'm not the only one with the problem and have sent and email. Hoping for a fix soon..
I would give it 5 Stars if it wasn't kinda hard to see. I thought the Plastic Sheet would be Clear like the picture.😔 Update: I found out you have to pill the thin plastic that protects the sheets that covers the eyes, nose and mouth. The sheets is very clear to see❤.
I am leaving a 1 star review because I was given the choice of a free item from a long list for joining. I tapped on one item to look at it (not claim it, I want to know what it is first before I order it) and low and behold it only tells me what it is when it locks me out of returning to the list so now I'm stuck with an item I don't want. Please fix this..
An app that will rip you off. I have had wish for a long time and it used to be customer friendly, but recently it has changed for the worse. I contacted customer support because the wrong item was sent to me. They gave me the wrong information and told me to wait a month. When I reached out again, they refused to even talk to me. 50% of the items off of this app are knock off items and mostly junk quality, if you end up having issues with an item they will not help you out..
Great app, I can go on and on, but long story short: awesome products, great prices, unreal deals. I love wish. Highly recommended app..
99% on point with what is being sold. always a good bargain. You get what you pay for as the old saying goes.
Prices are very good, it's the best,, but, they don't do cod so it is sad sometimes I can't purchase with that.
Love this app. Wish it didn't take so long for the things you order to come in.
I love wish it is great because it has great items for low prices,and they have fixed their shipping which is very pleasing..
My experience is that Wish doesn't stand behind they're return and refund policies. Most of the items that I purchased I was very pleased with. But, I purchased a 13.1 inch tablet from them that was programmed in Chinese. Instead of allowing me to return this tablet and they send me the English version that I paid for after the seller confirmed that they made the error. They told me I was stuck with it. Then I ordered liquid car finisher and it was delivered with the contents nearly depleted..
It is fun with alot of options. Sometimes the delivery time is so slow..
Terrible experience! I just received one item (didn't work after a few weeks) and the rest never received it!!! Never going to buy on this again!.
Most items are as good as described or better. I have rarely been disappointed..
Very inexpensive items, read desctiptions carefully & select sizes carefully. Overall great app..
Transportation Charges are high. No COD, No payment option from debit card..
incredible products and hard to find items. prices are unbeatable..
good products at great prices. Delivery time is usually accurate and prompt. Happy to recommend.
Fast delivery which was great. I bought a hoodie as a gift for someone but sadly it was a bit big but love the design on it though..
There are hit and misses with this site. I wouldn't recommend electronics, but the clothes, accessories, and figures are ok..
Only there is delay in receiving orders... But it is a very good application and site.
Delivery takes a few months but I love the stuff that I purchased, no problems with wish, just WISH it was quicker than the three months I have to wait 😅 but we'll done and thank you very much wish!!.
Hey, this app is great in all, but the karma or whatever it's called? I hate it. I don't really want the little add there whenever I click the 'place order today', it's really annoying. Please get rid of this or at least give me the option and swipe and pay, because I've tried using it, and it won't send the code. Yes, I've deleted and downloaded this over 30 times, it still won't leave. Please fix this..
If possible, I don't want to rate stars. I already ordered the items and I have Already Paid. when I log in the apps.. the payment changes and I check the order history is nothing. so my payment burns just like that? wow easy to make money huh! so disappointed ~.
I can't login, the app is loading for 1hour, is there anything i can do, loading but not showing anything.what will i do.
Affordable price, orders are in good condition, attractive items with good quality. Fill you wardrobe by the wish shopping..
it's great, lots of stuff. Shipping takes too long, so if one wants it by a specific time, better order it (just in case) about a month before.
Leta face it; it's a lot of fun looking through this random catalogue. I ordered about 6 things including shirts, sweaters, and stickers and I spent maybe $40 plus shipping. It's better than any cell phone game. Order drunk and in 3 weeks, get a surprise in the mail without the financial burden. :).
Its easy to use,and has an exceptionally large inventory of items for sale!! I love window shopping on Wish sometimes because they have alot of neat & intresting things to buy!!! Can't get enough of the OOOHHH's & AAAHHH's everytime i swipe through theyre catalog!!.
It is bad that my wish cash fails to appear in $CUR when my currency setting is in USD$ thereby denying me the use at checkout as it fails to reflect in my cart. All efforts to make wish customer agents fail. I had done an installation and reinstallation of the wish app to no avail. So now l am frustrated to the point of wanting to quit..
There's no filtering opt No sort bar No optimization I love it that's why I'm so caring Please fix it Thanks 😊.
Apply Wish promo code in promo code section and get $5 coupon. Absolutely, i love it! Awesome app, Excellent service! I just gave it a try from other apps as my friend insisted. I got some masks free as a complimentary gift and they didn't charge delivery at all. Go for it! Also, they give everything neatly packed for fruits in cardboard boxes. I've seen bb delivering in hand. Here, it's better they use a plastic cover and that's big enough to carry all the items we have ordered..
This app should be made to be compatible with Chromebook operating systems , there are many other operating systems that are segregated against as well that need to be included to have this app be compatible with . the rewards and benefits would greatly improve with all operating systems be compatible with the wish app for both customer and wish, i will change my rating to 5 stars when Chromebook is included to be compatible with wish app. and all other operating systems by which this app is not compatible needs to be addressed as soon as possible , thank you for your attention to address these issues ..
Found some great stuff on here and only about 10% of the time does it not look exactly like the photo. Great, realistic prices and great sales. It does really good at recommending me things im interested in, so I really recommend it!.
Well I'm only giving it a two-star because when I try to use the app I had trouble with it. But now after reading all the other problems that people are having I'm just not interested in going back and trying this app again. Sounds like too much of a hassle and rip off..
The app works great. I think if people are having issues with the app it's likely due to their faulty computers or their lake of knowledge on how to fix general issues that come up from time to time that goes along with owning a computer..
Watch what you buy. I've clicked on items where it says it's free however when viewing my cart, the free item is no longer free but has a price attached now (and there's only 1 option). Prices seems to fluctuate depending on when you buy your items. My shopping cart kept changing prices as I added new items and some items would go up in price and shipping down or vice versa..
All orders arrive when the say or early. My items are all exactly as the description says. I love Wish!!! I will continue shopping on Wish!!.
Which will come up in my feed with an item I will click on the item to find out more about it and it takes me to the app and when I hit open it displays a lot of other items but not the one I was interested in before I did the update the app seem to work very well since the update is not worked properly at all.
Great deals on items hard to find. All i can say is 5 stars from me. Every thing i have bought has been in great shape and no problems with damage. This is the real on line shopping place, were you get your money's worth. Love it!!!.
Its so easy to use its cheaper by far I use this app for anything im looking for .. and there stuff always comes sooner then expected moat of the time .. very well easy programed app I love it!!.
Great prices, but you have to be careful when ordering because the photos don't always resemble the product. If you search the comments thoroughly before purchasing you might not disappoint yourself. They have outrageously high shipped cost and price items low..
Prices are misleading in the initial view of the product only when you click on buy do you then see that the prices change according to the qty that you want to order which is not what is originally offered in the main picture view. The initial view does not say from 10-100 PC's, the initial picture view just says 100 PC's until you click buy. Also the items offered at .50 cents are never available and have to be constantly refunded and they don't tell you this until 2 days later. Just a ploy..
This new update sucks, now all my phone does is sit there spinning can't get in at all, and I can't get rid of the update to go back when it worked right, and I don't want to close the app and start over because I have things coming in from you guys,fix this please.
My only complaint is your adverts!! You advertise certain products then when you click on them they are often sold out. Don't advertise what you can't supply..
Some of the stuff is cheaper but it has cheap quality and could take months to get but some things you can get cheaper elsewhere or the same price but it comes sooner.
it's great for the price, you get it much faster..thank you wish..
great product it'll take a little bit of practice but I am really happy with it..
its a nice website but it just takes soooo long to get the merchandise, and today I received something that I didn't even order.. I really hope it doesn't mean someone else got my rings I ordered, because I really am looking forward to getting my rings!!.
very good quality but just takes to long to come..
Fun for a while but have deleted and blocked on Social Media for allowing racist trash to be peddled from its pages..
good site with great offers ,things to set you imagination racing..
I like almost everything. Some things come faster than others. But over all satisfied.
Except that it has no notification when your parcel is where it ought to be it's still a fun app to use shopping.
Everything i view is sold out. Why doesnt good that are out of stock get removed from the app list, super frustrating.
Always get my stuff, sometimes have to wait a little but excellent value for money.
Nice assortment of goods for sale, hope the quality is as good as described.
Wish app is easy to use. Check prices and shipping options. Will use again.
I have never seen any app as bad as this one. Customer service sucks and the company is horrible in responding to issues. UPDATE: Received an email from them after contacting the email address and found them still horrible. They have no idea what is going on and I have no energy left to go back and forth with them. PEACE.
Pretty cool stuff, but you really need to pay attention to the description and reviews..
Apply Wish promo code ➡(c c g q s v s l) in promo code section and get $5 wish cash. Awesome! I love this so much...but when i first played this game, it was to hard to know all the functions in this game....so the game tutorial must be improved....when i go back to homesreen... Just for a moment, and again back to play free fire....it just open from the first....and take a long time to open...but my network speed is good enough....so this issues must be fixed.thanks for making this great app....
Apply Wish promo code in promo code section and get $5 coupon. Great! I enjoy this app, online market place which, is the only one I really use as such. It can be a hobby, and a curse, as at times I overspend so I have to reign that in a bit at times. Great customer service, with call back, and lots of guarantees if the item does not arrive or not as described. And occasional free eBay return labels. Great promotions like getting to list for free..
Used to enjoy Wish. Now every time I try to contact customer service (cause my item shows as delivered when it definitely has not been delivered, and another being delivered in the UK when I'm in Canada) I get my account put on hold because I've got a bunch of 'refunds' for items that I wasn't the winning buyer for. Now I've got to contact my credit card company to get an expensive purchase, hopefully refunded. 🙄 Not worth the headache. Go use Aliexpress instead..
Great prices. I have always received my parcels earlier than expected. Thanks.
This site is my new past time. I always think I will "only take a quick peek", but then I discover that I have spent an hour or more (and some money) buying some cool stuff at a great price!!! I do find however, that the lingerie type stuff is very cheaply made and a couple things have basically disintegrated in my hands upon opening!! No chance to even try them on!! And the bras tend to run WAY smaller than the stated size. Other than that...especially non-wearables are great!!!.
I highly recommend wish. Just be sure to check the reviews and look at the pictures of the items that the buyers have submitted "ONLY." Don't go by the picture the store has provided they can sometimes mislead you and not give you the product that is displayed. So be very careful. Also always continue to look for a cheaper version of the item that you are buying. I've literally found the exact same product 5 minutes after for safe for 20$ for like 7$ from a different store. That's all, Enjoy✌️😉.
I now downloaded this app and i love it. The prices are just insane omg ❤ i would recommend. But i've seen many say the app change during time like the delivery procces takes longer and prices and colors on products change. But so far im loving it but lets see. This app is just amazing and totally in my budget range 💯..
I would rate it 5 starts however the app is extremely slow at dealing with issues such as verification. I've never had an issue with it before but I don't have a driver's license and wont let me buy items without one. Quite annoyed by this issue.
I'm enjoying my Wish experience, so far my purchases have been nice surprises. I'm looking forward to doing more happy shopping with Wish..
This is a great shopping app but it takes a very long time to receive most items. I've not even received a few things even after 4 months. The wish support staff was nice and refunded the shipping costs and a couple weeks later the full price of the item with no questions asked and no hassle, I appreciated that tremendously. Other than that, good products and good price. Like dog flea collars are around $100 here and I got them here for less than $10 on wish..
Awesome app. Great products at unbelievable prices..
It's great but when it shows $2 and you go to order it it's only one color for $2.
I tried searching for several items, and would get a page of items that may not contain the items I searched for. I remember now why I uninstalled the app, very difficult for me to navigate, when it part of the phone set up package..
Downloaded the app and it's demanding I sign in with a Facebook account and won't let me in with my google account or create a new account, it circles back to "you must sign in with facebook". I deleted my Facebook over a year ago and refuse to create another one.
User friendly platform. It's easy to put up listings and arrange for transactions with another party. The difficulty is in getting your item noticed by people who want to buy your stuff, which the app also helps buy occasionally offering to boost your listing to the top of the searches. Overall good experience with the app.
Great platform but after the most recent update, default filter has been changed to 'Best Match' instead of 'Most Recent', have to tediously change it manually in order to browse. Team in charge of reviewing reports is also negligent when reviewing illegal listings like sale of chewing gums..
Easy and smooth app navigation. It offers occasional promo to buyers and some coins in order for buyer to promote their items. Reliable sources as we could chat with the sellers and review for every seller / buyer helps to buid the confident to proceed with deal transactions. Currently they added new features protection for every item being listed. Great idea in order to protect both ends! Keep up the amazing work team! From avid fan of preloved items and thrift lover 😊.
A good platform for buy/sell. I used it to sell used furniture or appliances. A good approach to reuse things that still works for someone else. There is some performance issue when loading the post or images, sometimes. But this is already improvement from previous version when the app crashed repeatedly when I shared images, rending image sharing near impossible. So I feel it has improved..
A good place to find almost anything you need. The one thing I don't necessarily like is the fact lots of people use it as an online shop offering completely new items. I like the idea of this being a platform to sell or give away the used stuff which goes much better with the social purpose of it. Something to improve though is the messaging as sometimes there is lagging and also notifications..
A good platform to sell secind hand products. But, the app doesn't work well on Samsung A50. It responded late & always can't pop out the notification of the chat message. I have to view it manually in the app. Please improve the stability. Thanks!.
Keeps on loading, like I've used this for 3 yrs and I thought when its updated it would improve but still the same that the page won't connect keep on saying I have connection problem even though my connection is totally fine. Even if I uninstall - install it, still the same issue that its really loading and then says there is a connection problem.
The app is absolutely awesome! I get my items sold within short time and the listing coverage was very wide and response was quick. I also managed to buy many awesome stuff at good deals. There are bad sellers out there who cheats but overall experience was amazing! Made many friends too. Keep it up! 😉 Thumbs up! 😍.
Edit: the app is good to sell items, but it really has technical issues. Most of the times it fails to connect and have to restart the app. Hope this can be fixed..
"Flacebook market place" is great selling and buying platform. There is no seller lisings quota limit, sellers and buyers can tade directly. Facebook doesnot close the account of seller and buyers at will. Carousel is a website for selling and buying of old teeth, and now everyone is using' facebook market place' . I sold out a lot of things in the facebook martket place. Facebook has many functions, and seller can also use' live 'broadcast . Facebook has more crowds than carousel..
Another feature that would greatly help buyers is the ability to see what changes has occurred to an item or items that they had earmarked/wish listed. The pop message when clicked brings the buyer to the page but does not show what has changed, unless the buyer is observant, they would not know what has changed..
Very good app to buy and sell used goods. Just hope in the future there is a mandatory section, once a sale or purchase is completed through the platform, to rate buyers and sellers in order to increase security for all who use it legitimately..
This app really gets your items across. One thing though I hope it would remember 'meet up places' or atleast have the frequent meet up place at the top option. Right now it doesn't do that..
Getting tired for Indonesia being treated kinda like a second fiddle for this app. All the improvements are for Singapore and Malaysia. No wonder this app have a hard time to take off even now in this pandemic, market place full of inactive sellers combined with new sellers who are saturating the market with one item only they put it in multiple categories, with dubious accounts. Chances are its better to sell in Facebook group market place or Tokopedia.
Great platform, for personal and business means. Easy to use, great system, great features. The most apt platform for buying and selling of goods, services, properties, vehicles etc etc etc. The all in all app. Great Job carousell😊.
I'm reducing one star because the chat functionality is very buggy for me. The chats don't load sometimes at all, and sometimes, the latest messages appear in push notifications, but not in the actual chat UI. This is frustrating..
Bad App. I just tried to sign up and it's not allowing me to put in a city in the United States as where I live. It only has other countries as options to choose from to put as the country/region. This app sucks, I can't even use it. Hopefully, they get this fixed..
Great app for selling and buying preloved items. However, app can be buggy, for eg, text messages don't load and frequent display errors..
Chat not loading! I really love carousell for small business. However, I have uninstall and install it a couple of times. As the chats is not appearing and not loading via my chat box..
Having been facing issues loading the app when using WiFi. Not sure why. It's a great app though..
For anything I need to buy: I check carrousel first. There are multiple benefits. Saves money. Lowers buyer's risk. Good for env tk recycle stuff. Love it absolutely!.
No notification , cannot list previous item. Keeps hanging, cannot update meetup location, keeps jumping back to meetup location page. Used to be a very good app, getting worse.
Easy to use and list items. Messaging function can be better as it is laggy and need to close the app and relaunch to refresh messages. Service is down sometimes but since it is a free app, can't complain much.
Used to be the best champion buying & selling app ever. But not anymore. They actually allowed people who sell fake, replica stuffs. Especially full of replica micro SD card, fake branded, fake watches. I myself got afew replica items after bought then realised it's a fake. Also getting more & more scamming cases on this platform. They growing overly fast & lack of tight security. The true blue meaning of CAROU-SELL means selling used items, but yet UNCOUNTABLE sellers, selling brand new stuff..
Easy to put items for sale !! If only the messaging platform can be more responsive, I will definitely give them 5 stars!.
I have been using this for a long time. Before, you have to communicate in a conventional way to sell your stuffs. Now, just post it in here and relax. This never failed me in selling my used items. Thank you Carousell!.
Enable user to purchase cheap and affordable price. Instantaneous, without the fuss and hesitate to search for an item. I have been using it for 2 years..
Great place to find goods and stuffs . Used and new items available from very small things that house need till biggest item you need. Using it so far and meet nice people around , trading fun and easy and surely safe..
Extremely slow opening time compared to other apps. Please optimise the app before adding any feature. Not to mention, frequent server hiccup..
Very attractive, informative if the sellers can give more information on what they intend to n contact phone no., email addresses etc so as able to reach them. Keep up the good works 'wonderful people' many thanks Johnny.
Great app to let you sell or even bless others who might have better use of the item. Conversely you can find many great deals there too..
This stupid app can't even verify my phone no.. When i randomly put my old 10 digits number it able to get the confirmation code but when i placed my new phone no with 11 digits it aaid something when wrong. Already uninstalled.
Only 1 issue, when the interested buyer what to bid price below price tag, it not show the price bid at the seller window..
Great apps that connect the buyer and seller esp. on high quality product and expensive. Met with trusted seller even though some are fake seller. Just need to check all their background before we proceed with any transactions.
I use this apps for 5 years n manage to sold many used items easily.. I also enjoy buying from others Good apps .. only that now they limit to 30 free listings..which is a little too little.
Some hiccups now & then but generally OK. Should have option to continue browsing from where I left off..
App is laggy and prompted "Couldn't connect, Network issue", but my network connection is working fine!.
Very nice app good for the startup users and this app makes many people helpful in business perspective great for both buyers and sellers..
Good place to buy and sell. But each time we could only list 30 items to sell unless we pay a premium to upgrade..
Have always had positive experience. You have to be careful as transaction dealt are at your own risk. But extremely good platform. Many choices as well..
Disappointing. I put in hard effort into creating one certain listing , then a few days later it suddenly disappeared without me deleting it. :(.
Great app. Works well, easy to use. Easy to search a product and connect to seller to make arrangement..
Excellent platform to sell and buy things. Great experience..
I couldn't login to my account but I was able to login on my tablet but not on my other devices I tried authenticating my mobile number as well as my email but nothing arrived..
Easy to use. Some adjustment can be done to notication that does not work sometimes for me..
Easy selling. Buyers easy to deal too. Hope more people look for their stuff here. I sell and also buy from here. Very good app. Tks..
Apparently i cant report on the listing, everytimes i want to it said server encounter error. The message in the apps also not timely accurate, please do improve the apps..
a great channel for thrifting! i love going to Sunday markets and night markets looking for good finds but since the quarantine, I've been getting my thrift finds from carousell and I love it..
I became a pro online seller because of this app. It's a safe vehicle to transact as a buyer or seller. I discovered and bought such great items for very reasonable prices! I super love it 😍🤩😃.
This is a good platform for me to look for preloved items in good condition. I used it a lot for my baby goods..
Overall nice app which is easy to use. But there is a constant problem where the server always had problems most of the time so...... Maybe your can fix it or smt?.
Greatly improved overall since my last review. Support has been more responsive and this app is getting better and better. Good job!!!.
App is good but lack of genuine buyers..u will receive a lot of local 'interested' buyers currently overseas but require to send to local address and asking a lot of info other than your item..
Great Platform to search item & get deal with seller, easy to use app, just some times loading page is not so responsive or blank, if that problem resolves, it's a good apps 😊.
Simple to use and great way to recycle old stuff and buy pre-loved items instead of creating more trash..
Great transactions to most buyer i can deal with and this app provide security and safety of the seller and buyer..
Carousell is great in helping clear items or sell goods. The chat is a bit difficult to use sometimes. But otherwise a good platform.
It's a good platform to get good bargains (buy and sell) but need to be caution about fake goods..
Glad to see that I'm not the only one who finds these money-grabbing updates ridiculous and frustrating. Seriously? Only 30 active listings at a time or you have to pay more? Additionally, after clearing my listings to make space for new ones, the app won't even let me list my items (there's a message saying "something went wrong.." and nothing else, no explanation of what the problem is). I have been trying to post my listings for days now. Time to find a new platform for buying and selling..
This has been a very useful app. Able to get affordable, good quality items. The messaging part needs to be improved. Sometimes, messages do not show as soon as conversation box was opened and have to be reopened for the previous or existing messages to show up. There are also times when pictures or messages don't get sent and has to be resent multiple times for it to get delivered..
They are reducing the number of accounts you can have from 2 to 1. Ridiculous. Better to sell on Facebook marketplace. This is obviously a cash grab to get people to buy more bumps. Furthermore the app is usually glitchy. They reduced the number of active listings allowed at one time too. They are obviously desperate for more cash and killing their own app.
Good app and getting better. But messaging is unreliable and notifications are often delayed. Pro features are a bit expensive..
App keep deleting listing stating that it is a duplicate after editing. This is frustrating especially when there is a transaction ongoing..
i cannot Upload any listings since the update! keep saying something went wrong! what is wrong?.
Been used it for few years. Great app for us to look for more preloved items. Met many nice sellers here. Wish this app able to continue work well..
Very pleasant and very helpful. It helps boost the selling items when they are not moving. Thankful..
even tho I have really strong connection, but the app still shows the network problems whenever I open it , pls fix this..
had always loved the app until the new update where users can only have 30 active listings and 100 uploads per month. i believe this restriction is not necessary and it's only a way for cashgrab as more people are using this app to start their small businesses. it doesn't improve user’s experience at all. i hope you can revert back to the way it was.
The new update was bad as I have many items that I had to list but there was limited slots for my listing. Most of them are needed to be listed but since there is limited slots, I couldn't list it all. I DO NOT want to spend money on some Carousell subscription which unlocks only very few things and is VERY expensive. Im not running a business or something, just selling stuff that Im not using anymore. I hope you will look into this matter..
Best local platform to sell new & used items of any legal nature. There's a robust payment system which is very safe and reliable for most purchases..
Recently having an issue with the filter options, whereby the app doesn't allow me to filter my searches (the options aren't even there anymore). Also disregarded an issue when I'm scrolling down my "liked items", when I get further down it'll just totally refresh and go back to the top which is annoying, please look into this if possible. I'm giving my fair view after looking at other comments, if this is an app that's serving for the greater good and not only for profit, please do smtg.
Been using almost awhile. Can get a lot of vintage stuff but limited. Apps wise still ok. I believe there are room to improve in future.
Easy to use. Hope can improve filter function for easier search of stuff..
Very helpful selling second hand items. Just that the app is always loading. Sometimes not giving me notifications of the inquiries of my buyers. Always says "failed to send message" it's quite tiring to always repeat the messages I typed. Always lagging. No, this is not my wifi, it's the app, any app I have works well except for this one..
It's gone downhill since we were limiged to 30 active listings. The prices are not so competitive now that the older listings with low prices are gone. And they keep trying to make you pay to list items. Even if you're giving them away for free. For an app with so many errors and glitches, they really keep trying to take your money.
Pretty good. Chat function is sometimes laggy but other than that pretty sweet..
Supported this app with app purchase of SGD1000 worth of credits, and it just disappear over night. Found out later that the credits(coins) have an expiry, and kindly asked for an extension, but they refuse. I could tolerate the frequent buggyness of the app and error messages, but this high handed forfeiture of SGD 1000 is too much of a blow. Hence serious sellers, i recommend other platforms like Q10 or lazada who handles such disputes with much more fairness and understanding.
Unable to block and report problems user. Encourage some user to spam to prevent user search correct items..
Will not send verification email, had it resent four times and still nothing. Cant post or buy till this is done. No customer support..
Selling menu has serious bug!! I tried putting a item for sale and when it reaches the selling location it goes into a infinite loop even after you selected the location it just stays on that page insisting you keep selecting locations. When you tried to back out it'll ask you if you are certain to leave the menu and if you select yes it keeps you in that location menu STILL expecting you to choose a location. What a fundamental bug!! How do you expect anyone to sell anything?!?!.
I'm happy when people follow me and buy preloved items I list but I'm disappointed of how the app works. Whenever I'm not active on the app, it seems like they hide the profile so that no one can visit. I'm sad because I alway see the "no profile visitors today", for a few consecutive days but when I open the app and hover on my profile, the progress bar will increase for this day only and then the next day, nothing again. As much as I wanted to promote my profile, the coins are so expensive!😡.
I will give this app 5 stars if it weren't for the latest update. I'm a member since 2018. Bring back the old carousell!! Latest update has too many bugs and NOT USER FRIENDLY. Why do we have to pay for advertisements, coins coins coins. It became very expensive now. Thumbs down. 😞.
Will be even better if the algorithm helps sellers more, not only sellers who paid for coins.
Plagued with message and syncing problems. This has been an issue since I installed last yr. New messages show in notifications but going to the convo itself, the new message doesnt show and any message i want to send fails to send. It's not a network issue as my other apps work flawlessly. How can we transact when such a basic function doesn't work?.
I love this app a lot,you dont need to go to store just browse in here and you easily find what you need.😍😍😍.
Easy to use, can be buggy at times but overall a good experience. No stupid fees like how etsy does..
App had improved functions over the years. Keep up with the good work!.
Love this app. Great for local Singapore buying and selling. Search within the app really needs to be improved. While posting pictures for selling the images get distorted. Their paid bumps don't really work and can be expensive. But then again if the search within the app is not great, it's bound to happen..
It would be better if video clip can display as well, not just photos..
Bought two books from here so far. From what I know about buying things online, it can be a hit or miss. However, the sellers I have done transactions with were very kind and accommodating! Just be sure to choose the right shops. Carousell offers a smooth platform for convenient access to chatting with sellers so my experience went pretty well so far..
The app doesn't log me in. It always gives me an error that I've reached the number of account limit. I'm only using one email address to log in...why does it give me such error? Is it even allowed to create multiple accounts with one email address to make the error valid? Since this is a very good example of a garbage app, it should go to where it belongs - garbage bin..
Good platform to buy and seller at affordable prices and items which may not be available on some cases. Thank you..
An excellent platform for buying & selling second hand products..
Great place to shop or sell your stuff. App is easy to use and has good functions.
Best platform to buy/sell second hand preloved goods. UX excellent UI user friendly for all ages..
Wonderful app that allows reusable items to have a new life again. But please don't limit 30 items only leh 😆.
I have been using Carousell for years now and I had always find this to be an amazing platform to lookout or sell items you no longer use. Its user friendly and the developments it has made on its interface from displaying banner ads, a proper feedback system and notifications has definitely improved and come a long way. Do not stop progressing and wishing you the Carousell team continued success!.
Great apps to help ppl get rid of stuff they don't need anymore or buy things at a cheaper price..
Have less than 30 active listings (17) but can't even turn my inactive listings to become active which is so annoying because 30 listings is already very little. Checked with customer service and was told to wait a few days up to a few weeks for it to be solved. Waste of time and would totally switch to other apps if they are available.
Very good app for sellers and buyers looking for affordable yet good products..
The best apps so far. That help me growth my business with their carousel asst to promote some of my products from time to time for FREE. Really appreciate that🙏🙏🙏😍😍😍 pls help me from time to time and keep up the good service. It really helps ppl growth....
I really love this app! We could sell everything in a short time. Keep up the good work, Carousell!.
Excellent platform to buy and sell all items..
Easy and smooth app. Good platform to buy or sell item 😊.
Easy transaction. Use this app many times to sell and buy 2nd hand items..
Very much happy and have purchased much using this app. Convenient and reliable if you know how to use it. Thanks⭐⭐⭐⭐😊.
Works well most of the time. There's some lag time to time but mayb cos of the phone..
With the new updates, my posts keep getting deleted for duplicate post, even though I only posted once..
This apps no really works.. Cannot sign in on mobile phone... But can sign in at my pc.. WTH!! Susspend every time...
Very easy platform to sell or buy items for peer to peer..
Fast for selling and fast to message about items. Love the variety choices of payment..
So many things wrong with the app. Sharing to groups works for some items but not others. Inights are off by a day. Emailed support team and they just say to turn off phone or reinstall the app. Nothing works. Problems persist. The also need a Free bump function..
This is an amazing platform for my family to convert our preloved items into cash. Thank you Carousell for your help. Highly recommended. Experience it and will not regret..
Great app. Easy to use and its does a good job to sell your products..
Great great app..... but sometimes the chat function is unstable n always disconnect with the server.
Great App but it wil be fantastic to hav a search items fm favourite items to save all the scrolling..
I appreciate Carousell's efforts to reduce scams, like establishing Carousell Protection method. I also appreciate that, occasionally Carousell will assist sellers by optimising our listings for free. It really helps us to close deals in these tough times. It will be good, if Carousell can create more awareness regarding scams by explaining their modus operandi. This awareness campaign will have to be constantly updated, as scammers will evolve their methods. Thank you and keep up the good work..
Good apps, find products and services easily and hassle-free..
Excellent platform to find products usually non available in the market or at much better price. Good app easy to handle.
A good platform to buy and sell new and used stuff..
This app is helping me declutter. Also scored some great second hand finds too. Love Carousell!.
❌❌❌recommend! Always loading page error. Shopping at your own risk be alert scammer..
Search algorithm is problematic as my listings dont show up in searches unless I key a lot of information in title.
Good experience. Current updates of items. No lagging in system and responsive..
Easy to navigate around. To find, search for the things you want and to sell..
Really helpful apps for me to sells my private stuffs either new or second hands. Carousell very fast to respond if there is fake account joining. Thank you carousell..
Was good before until the recent updates changes to have 30 active listings, which is not even enough. If to help people to search better and less clutter. Why the inactive cannot be view by others if the want to search. And I cannot find and delete some of inactive listings to declutter too..
Best bargain site. They have improved a lot since they first started, and I'm proud to still be supporting Carousell..
Manage to sell off my unwanted items in this app. Easy to use & have quite variety of item to purchase as well..
Love the simplicity of this buy and sell platform. My now go-to app for shopping and selling..
Better than most app and platforms. easy and reliable..
I didn't manage to sell a lot of my unwanted items on this app. Some buyers let the seller know they're interested in purchasing an item and then choose to not show up to meet. This is nerve wracking and a waste of the seller's time. I prefer using other apps where buyers are more reliable..
Need improvement on messaging like link to whatsapp. Many buyers ask questions and never seems to appear again... Bad.
The idea of buying/sellinh preloved items is incredibly awesome. I don't have to spend large amount of money to buy things that I badky want to buy. Just you need to carefully looking for the detail of the preloved items you want to purchase first if you don't want to regret yourself on the next day. :).
Love the apps love the services. I manage to sell my pre love and used items fast and manage to get my favourite item thru the apps..
Picture quality is low. The interface to view pic is very limited, eg only can upload and view in square frame and make zooming very stiff with same blurring at the edge of the frame. Chat windows sometimes will revert to past chat when we reopen the chat, not the latest chat text. The rest are all ok.
5 star for carousell. Lots of people selling preloved item with a low price. You will love it..
Selling stuff is easy. It is quite an essential app in my opinion especially in times like these where the mco restricts our movement to go outside.
Didn't know that I'd be able to sell my item in less than 24 hours Kudos to the app developer and to the team behind this platform..
One of the best apps ever I love this app. Used it to find lots of preloved items and to sell my stuff.
A good platform to connect buyer and seller on specific item.
Great in the beginning but the longer you've been selling, the less exposure your items get. Really forces you to pay for bumps. Some items didn't even appear when I asked someone to search for them using their account.
Easy and user friendly. Only sometimes message response lag a bit..
Hi the app is great. But if u guyz can make dark mode is awesome.. Nowadays alot of apps got dark mode.. So I hope next update u guyz can put in the dark mode. Looking forward for the dark mode.. Also maybe u guyz can make like free coin but not buy for the app after buying something. So in the future can use it to buy things again...
Very enjoyable app. Have been using for the longest time and still impressed.
Great app. Maximize the value of underutilized items..
Easy to use and I can sell safely because this application will give a warning if the account of a prospective buyer who contacts me, for example, has been reported in trouble or is suspected of being a fraud, so I can immediately block that person..
Not reliable place to sell or buy.. buyers ask and sound keen.. gave address and payment details..some COD bt never turn up last min..then backout and block sellers. Same for sellers, alrdy transfer and item not delivered to buyers/delete item. Goodbye Carousell Singapore..
I do have a bad experience in this application. When I try to sell my things in this application, I am new using this application. And suddenly one customer chat me and say that she wants to buy from me. She insists to use whatsapp for finishing the financial matter and all things there. Finally, that customer is not a real buyer. She wants me to share my card number for the transaction. Its all not okay. I thing this application should use the safe way for buyer and seller like shoppe..
I occasionally use this app to browse items for better deals. Overall the experience is quite pleasant. The only setback is when I use this app with my Huawei Tablet.The app just somehow doesn't react properly. Other than that, everything is fine..
After the latest update of limiting seller of free 30 listing quota. Especially during COVID 19 period.... Everyone's spending power has significantly decrease... What makes the developer feel that people will spend money to expand their quota.... Given this scenario. I would rather list on eBay, more traffic..
Have been an active seller on Carousell since 2012 when they just started and I have over 450 listings, the new update immediately restricts to 30 listings its really dissapointing.. Even eliminating older listings I would have 70% which were uploaded during the span of 2020.. :/ Tbh, even Shopee doesn't restricts the number of listings when their interface and awareness is much stronger..
Excellent Site. Really worth your while to search for EVERYTHING YOU NEED to buy and sell.
Been using it from the very start. Still needs to have a way to delete specific searches as well as a way to search through your messages, maybe in a future update? Tons to improve. But overall, Carousell is essential to every Singaporean..
Great app. Very easy to make transactions..
Reliable and straightforward to list items. So far I sold 4 items already, hopefully will sell all of them.
I've had great experience & exposure in this platform until they change tactics recently, making it harder to deal nowadays because of the charges they decided to implement. Might want to consider just implement a 1 time charge with a considerable numbers of item for listing..
A very excellent platform for buyer and seller love it thanks you.
Enjoy selling stuff thru Carousel, the minus is sometimes its very hard to upload the photos. But overall its satisfiying..
Great. Only problem is with getting into the app online. Most of the time getting stuck, almost everytime getting offline notification. Other than that, it's a great app..
I love carousell before then... but recently i cannot send back messages nd cannot send DM's to seller and buyer, trying to reached support system but they always say that issue resolved but actually there was nothng resolved at all! Please try to fix errors n your app!.
I have a good internet connection but i always receive a "something went wrong" error message or that my internet connection is not stable although I have a very stable connection. Please fix..
Great place to sell and buy stuff you don't need anymore and need now..
Good, but nowadays flooded with useless auction items....
Keeps on loading for too long... Did not encounter this problem before this.
Awesome app! Compare with all of the other apps, this is the best so far. It has helped me a lot during these few years especially during my financial crisis. I would definitely recommend it to everyone..
Easy to use and great community of buyers and sellers..
Carousell used to be good. (4stars) Keeps stop working. Hopefully crashes are fixed..
Fantastic app for shopping down goods that are discounted, pre-owned or new! Just note of the different style of dealing and requires a level of respect with every buyer/seller. Came across some great ones!.
Great app to find things you need and sell those that you don't..
I always find something at a bargain. I love this app, it's very easy to use. More power!.
carousell is a great platform and the app works very well with no glitches. Samsung S9+.
Always manage to find what I want. Awesome application. As only 5 stars are available I am selecting 5. If more stars were available I would have rated higher. Very well designed application..
Best buying/selling app ever! Just take pics,and press list Gained money from this app!.
After the update whenever I edit my listings they always delete it. I tried uploading/adding new listings but same result they always say "Removed due duplicate listings" which is not true 😑.
Well Done Carousell😍🤩! We have been content users of this wonderful site/app for 3yrs9mnths and still counting. Way better than "Buy swap and sell" apps. List your item on Carousell and wait for interested users to buy or swap.Very effective, fast and convenient. Help reduce waste and empty out that wardrobes/sheds etc and sell your quality unwanted items for cash!No paying middle man fees, organise to meet up or postage, the options are endless on Carousell.Take a look for yourself today🖤.
Other than slow loading and minor bugs, overall Carousell has the best platform to sell stuffs, trade and looking for rare items as well! I really hope Carousell can improvise more in terms of the advertising prices and app performances..
super slow and will not refresh. very frustratibg to use.
This is a very good app to unify sellers and buyers..
Good experience on my first transactions using the apps. Kudos 👍.
Thank you Carousell, very fortunate to have this apps help us to sell quite a lots of items 👍👍👍🙏🙏🙏.
Carousell helped me to unload all the stuff I've accumulated and was still not able to let go. It made me realize what's to give, what's for keeps and what things you need to let go. It's a fun way to help others too, my carousisters who might just need the item I got. It's the best finding app for items you need everything under the sun. It helped me find the things I need in the quickest way possible without the hassles of traffic and time constraints. It's a community! Thank you Carousell!😊.
App need to improve so that we can select text. With ability to select text its difficult to copy some of the details..
Great platform to do buy-sell directly but not sure why some of my listing became inactive (I was not informed n didn't realise it) n do not allowed to add new listing anymore. Hope there is a way for me to write in for enquiry. Overall a great platform to have!.
easy and great experience finding things needed. Great apps.
So far, experience has been good. Easy to buy and sell..
Don't like the recent updates. Becoming not user friendly. For instance ,the "best matches" is rather irritating, would prefer default as "recent"..
An app which is very useful to deal with however, I would appreciate if the carousel urge their sellers to update their contact details, as some of the messages sent to the seller is being seen by them. Good day..
Love and hate it, bugs is now happening and it bothers me a lot, already email Carousell but i havent receive any response as of this moment but love it coz it so easy to use and very simple. Will give 5 🌟 when bugs is fix..
After updating the app, it no longer works. Kept getting google play services error. Never had this problem until some smarty pants did something silly in the updates. Can somebody recommend an alternative to carousel?.
There are always have bugs that I can't even see the buyer's message/feedback . I have to refresh several times before I got use to it . 😓 . So far I'm about to realizing to leave my account here . Carousell removed some of my listing thou . And I hate it 😓.
Not bad.. It allows people to sell their preloved or unused items..
Laggy sometimes but good platform for selling used stuff. Recently introduced a thirty item limit. Can't just use like before. The subscription and advertising service is very expensive..
Easy to use. But it does have it's technicalities sometimes... the chat messages and attachments are sometimes not received or sent in real time. Other than that, it is pretty great..
Buggy & a lot of app error issues. Listings does not show up after submitted. Pls fix! Updated 03/10/20 - everytime u open the app, it will show errors encountered. But what errors also never indicated..
Deleted a listing, and no longer able to put up again because it registers as "duplicate". Customer support is to submit a ticket to wait for an email reply? That is rather crappy..
Quite good. But if u did not pay for the bump after the recent upgraded version, sales goes down. Also, the error keeps popping out for no reasons..
Signed up in 2017. but only use it for the first time in 2020. As first time carouseller, i feel so easy to snap and sell my clothes. the click rate and chat rate is good too. I can sell my stuff within a week. Good!.
now have limited listing max 30 listing... guess we have to find another platform to sell le.. this is getting worst.. they don't even fix that some of the listing cant promote for god know what reasons... i do buy those to bump up my listing now it even harder to sell....
0 star!! It was already hard to sell my items due to the low balls and the new update limits us to only 30 listings which is very annoying how they just want to earn more money and doesnt care about the people who r less fortunate and i got scammed so many times but when i report carousell said that there is no prob so i had to report to police and somehow carousell keeps banning my account even though some people r doing worse stuff than me like scamming just use shopee dont waste ur time here.
Great app for buyers and sellers! The best so far. You won't feel saturation of sellers. Just be careful with counterfeit items. But if you can spot fake ones you'll be fine. If not sure, get a second and third opinion..
Easy to find the things that I want here! I just wish there's a way to contact (or catch) sellers that scams customers because Carousell always suspends them but then there's no way to get the money back. I guess it's possible if transaction is done directly through the app, so I might try that someday..
Really easy to use, only buyers should be prompted to create offers. I have successful transactions but buyer and I can't leave reviews on each other because they usually forget to offer..
Im loving it! Easy to use app.. snap, sell and collect $. Highly recommended! U can also find something u like which u cannot find in other platform. Im happy with it..
There's some lag on messages from time to time..
Smooth, key elements of purchase are user friendly..
Pleasant communication, reliable and good products..
Hangs once in a while. Chat is sometimes responsive, sometimes not. But overall this platform does help me to find good buys. Thanks!.
Keep having some Connection error after replied to a private message. Worst now has the limit of only 30 active listing. Also so many buyer like to go missing after asking "is it available"..
Searching past chats by users or items should be much easier. Should have a sectiom for all the things i actually bought/sold. This is just constructive feedback, love the app and am addicted to it.
This is the best buying and selling platform to date! Search function is easy. The program has ability to propose alternatives. Scary lol..
One must attempt to just list something to sell, and then just do it; if it is just in your mind, the idea will still be an idea, u may only think of doing it, however when u act on your idea, things will start materialized. So start carousell now..
Was able to sell my items and carousell assistant was helpful as well..
Gave me a very good experience in terms of buying and selling different stuff..
Awesome app. Definitely would recommend to anyone who likes buying second hand stuff at a reasonable price. Most of the stuff I bought (some are hard to find) comes from this app..
Groups are glitchy but overall experience is great!.
The latest update is the worst thing the app has ever come up with. Shows that the app prioritize money over consumers. I used to be a seller but I'm not gonna pay for the ridiculous fees..
Easy-to-use through app and/ site. Big community. Has more room for improvements. Wished there is no limitations to number of listings (as per recently changed).
The interface is easy to navigate through and has most of the info you need on the items. Just have to use your common sense and be careful when dealing on Carousell..
A good place to buy stuff you like at a cheaper prices and good time killer.
Love this app. Only that sometimes it takes sometime to load up info & request to try again. Probably it's server issue. Overall I enjoyed using this..
Overall good. But the main problem is the chat room, always jam, message cannot be shown, cause a big disturbance to customers and seller..
To many Bugs (error). I keep updating the app but it doesn't seem to be getting better at all. What's the point of updating the app if the problem aren't getting fixed. 😐.
Fast free transactions. However now they have limit the listings, the viewership dropped. Could have allowed us to continue to list unlimited, in this way the traffic is higher..
The apps always show the "something went wrong" notification, which part that goes wrong?? I use the lastest update and good internet connection but that annoying notification always there.
A very useful yet practical app that can help me !So far so good and always satisfied how they've strengthen the security..
Need to be careful with other seller, utk secure pymnt better used carousell secure pymnt. Need to 'add button' to complain instantly about bad record seller like type of bad review,like for not sending tracking number, rude,cheating, put like 'red button' to alert other buyer, put 'button' most good image like received rating star or must 'alert other buyer/seller' bout bad image not just simply block seller-please 'extend time' ,'add button' report buyer who didn't show tracking number.
App keep crashing , like button not accurate when you click something you like to save it doesn't appear on like page. Been happening for awhile don't bother to say anything the app is just mehh.
Im kinda annoyed that carousell disabled email notifications and i was forced to install this app to enabled it. Why cant i get the same settings on desktop? I manage my listings mostly from the PC, not a phone!.
The experience is not bad. Well, sending pictures sometimes goes wrong. And I think isn't friendly to user especially for beginner..
Good platform to buy and sell your stuffs but just need to be prudent.
You must be specific on searching. The results will be different or there will be no result. I also clicked the "toy types" and it didn't applied after all..
It's a great apps for buying and selling own things. One suggestion, maybe can upgrade the user experience. Sometimes the apps can't load but other apps can.
Very helpful app especially when decluttering stuffs..
I love this apps. Easy for me to clear my wardrobe..
Been using carousell for almost 7 years. As seller and also buyer, it's really a great platform. Unfortunately now for seller they have limited listing to list to be viewable if more listings will have to pay for the slot ..
This app is very helpful for us, online sellers. Highly recommended. Never experienced a bad thing from using the app since 2 years ago. thank you guys!.
Buy or Sell: Observe. Select. Offer. Responsive platform to deal..
Useful app for preloved items. Sometimes images doesn't load, only happen to this app (and multiple times) but not other apps so I know it's not my network issue..
Very useful for small business or for the preloved seller. 3stars because its always "error due to internet..." but i have a good internet. Failed message automatically deleted, soo i need to retype.
I've been using this application for how many years now it helps me a lot about my adds. This is the only buy and sell more powerfull than others. Thank you very much carousell..
This forum where buyers and sellers meet, negotiate and buy/ sell, is easy to use even for less tech savvy individuals. It has very mature controls and checks to prevent abuse. Overall experience is EXCELLENT!.
its free, the feedback helps a lot to deal with others.
the best platform to deal. easy to use..
Nice to view and shop. Good in-app messaging function.
Excellent platform to sell. Effective buyers reach..
Easy to use and pleasant shopping experience..
Awesome app Started off humbly Sadly management is too profit centric these days Covid-19 or not small sellers are being squeezed :(.
Been using this for 7years now, reinstalled it due to error encountered while chatting with possible buyers and unable to edit listing but now I'm unable to login thru app. Please fix. :(.
Recently there are so little items on sale , unlike last time i can find lots of choices. Going to delete the app very soon. Disapponted ..
App works fine but the quota thing sucks and my buyer noifications are not popping up now, I find myself checking back buyer noifications every time. Give back the old carousell !!!.
Reliable and easy to transac with via using the app..
Been using carousell for years and I had pleasant experience on this apps. Would recommend everyone to use it too 👍🏻.
Good platform to sell and buy new and preloved..
Pages always failing to load for me with the latest updates. Every patch has some issue and it's very frustrating to use this app..
Not bad, all things considered. Notification when a chat is received could have popped up faster..
Good app. Helps link people up to sell off their stuff. They even have raw data analysis of the number of viewers..
I love this app! Great items at great prices..
Great app. User interface easy to use..
A good place to use for buy/sell items that you want..
Very useful and convenient to use. Just need to be extra careful when doing transactions or giving out personal details..
Some hiccups. But good effort in cleaning up the marketplace. 30 quota of listings is a bit low though. Can consider increasing to 40..
Why everytime have to setup the filter recent, why not 1 time setup and keep it till i change, slow app, ppl sms after 1or 2 hour get notified 😌, and slowly run, not much fast, and consuming hug data.
Easy to find stuff to buy. Easy to list too. There will be lowballers of course. But great app so far..
The app has been user friendly thus far. A great platform to buy and sell items at an afforable price..
I use it to post items that i need to declutter!.
Hate the 30 limit listing! I have 200 listing now they are all inactive! Not even making money with it still charging me $30 a month.. Time to move on to another app!.
I love carousell app as a seller like me it was very helpful. It is easy to make deal and communicate with customers and buyers.. Hassle free deals!!! Easy to use app...
Everything was great. Just fix the chat section. Idk but soo baddd.
Amazing Platform to sell your product, User-Friendly interface but sometimes buggy like; Server Error and few other minor things..
This app is 5 star . I thought that i can bought anything from this app but i am giving this app 1 star because after logging in it asks where are you staying, then it show only 9 countries 😧😧😧. I am from India and i want an option for India also. Please add in it .😑😑😑😑.
Easy and convenient with trusted platform..
UX is uninitiative, lack a lot of basic features..
most recent update has bugs ; pictures can't be loaded properly on page ; unable to view what other items the seller sells ....
I loove carousell, but idk why now it always takes me back to the main page while looking at an item. Pls fix this. Will update it once everything works good..
Awesome apps for shopping and selling goods even limited edition or rare items. Really enjoy using it and helps me a lot. Hopefully Carousell can keep up and upgrade its services in future..
App is fantastic, is easy to use, results are fast , close deal in a very short period of time..
App usually works well. Could benefit from a Google translate feature between English and Chinese. Like in th Uber app. Surely there is an API for this..
one of the best app for buying/selling stuff.. you can buy and sell anything you want, new/used.. highly recommended!.
Great place to catch the best deals if you know what you want to buy and how to choose wisely. Many nice sellers and buyers. Very convenient app.
Not able to upload it keep put error something went wrong . Please faster fix it . And now update is not good only 30 are able to active that is bad super bad.
Pleasant to use, being able to see another user's feedback is very useful in deciding whether or not to deal. 😊😊.
Very helpfull and so easy to access. Everything i need is almost available here at a very a very affordable price..
app overall feels clunky and slow even on the latest android devices. slow to load and too many steps to get to the chat function.
Unable to save edits on my listings, keeps telling me "error encountered" when I click anything on the app. Using a Google pixel 3..
Could use a whole lot more optimization and polishing. Amazing app, but still lacks on how responsive the app is..
I LOVE EVERYTHING ABOUT CAROUSELL!! The settings to find stuff we search is incredible. Thanks for making it easier for us!!!.
Simple n easy to navigate. More viewers....
Great experience! Easy and fast..
Easy to post, easy to buy and sell platform.
Great App, Good features and very easy to use, Carousel has helped me connect to buyers and new people. Thank You Carousel Team. 🍻😎😊.
A place where you could find a very affordable preloved items in VGC... you just need to have a very long patience because the app sometimes not working well 😪.
Pretty smooth navigation and a great platform to connect with others to sell/buy..
i have been able to get in touch with potential interested party for the buy/sell. Its been good!.
Easy to use. But sometimes slow or lag during 'peak' times like after work hours..
Goood apps for buying and selling things u need . Highly recommended.
Very good platform and interaction with the support team.. Nice webinar for new small entrepreneur. Thank you so much.
Easy place to Sell your preloved items. The function provided in this app worked really well in my opinion and the organization of categories were good too..
Such a huge help in this time of Pandemic. Great App, works perfectly fine. Two Thumbs up (👍👍) for the developer of this one. ☺😊.
Great mobile friendly platform. Would be good to have more granular search criteria for offline updates based on new listings.
Great app. Except that the messaging notification does not always work. Very easy to miss an interested buyer..
Encountered error many times in a day. The font could be bigger. The rest are fine and were working well..
App seems to be getting more troublesome to use these days, starting to dislike it a whole lot.
Fast and easy to search for items..
Very easy to use. Love the simple yet useful photo editing feature..
So far best e platform to sell used item or new item...
Easy to list and sell items. Used Carousell to sell in-game items and I had the highest sales here compared to other sites..
Learning to use Carousell after opening the account 5 years ago. Didn't know this app is very useful to help me to clear many of my good items until this experience. Wonderful polite people I met too. Thank you, Carousell..
Very helpful App. Message to the Product Managers of the app: Please figure out a way to tie up with services like LalaMove to also initiate the delivery from the app..
Unable to list down my listing when the update came at around 25/09/2020 I tried listing down my listing but it kept saying that i had duplicates when it was my first time listing that item.
Very good app to selling my owned preloved stuff...but the thing is to many frauds at day 1 I joined,they are asking for my card cc numbers and for the one who's not careful can be easily become the victim.
Going to the facebook market place to sell things, there are a lot of people. This website is like a lunatic, and it will suddenly ban your account for no reason. The seller and buyer cannot contact the account once the account is be baned. The buyer pays and the seller cannot deliver the goods. This carousell is simply messing up the society. If the seller cannot deliver item to the buyer, the buyer will lose money. Don’t use carousell as a scammer for no reason.go to facebook market place.
Convenient and user-friendly. You can access the app through any device using the app or the webpage..
Great platform to sell and buy. Plus good tips on how to do transactions safely..
Great platform to buy and sell new/used items. Very user friendly. Highly recommended..
You can use for trading photocards. Really good. 👍👍.
Everytime I will answer messages, it says that it won't connect, it can't send my message. But I still can post..
Great platform to sell and buy. But editing listing on Pixel3 has some issue where price cannot be changed..
Great app, but exercise own care for all transactions. I have been burnt before..
Excellent app, easy to use and communicate with sellers and buyers..
Carousel is an amazing application.Thank you for providing this kind of platform for us to look for valuable items to be treasured.Thank You and more power!!!.
Been browsing Carousell everyday. Hopefully developer can give us option to create new folder for our wishlist/like item. So can easily find after categorizing..
Good app but constantly spams your notifications with ads. And now they even have full screen pop up ads that you only expect from sketchy China apps..
This is a wonderfull app! We truly enjoy using this with our ATELIER DELKRUZO online shop..
Easy to use and with wider seller and buyer.
Great platform to sell and easy to list item that you want to sell great!!!!!!!.
Amazing experience! This help me reach more customers. Thank you Carousell!.
I was able to sell an item... But the messenger of the app isn't working properly.. Good thing is that I was able to get my buyer's number before the messenger issue happened.
Easy to list out items for sale. Would need more improvement with payment by paynow besides paylah or even good to have a choice for buyers to pay by credit card since we can cash out once paid. The delivery part would need choice for buyers to opt for self collect if its urgent. For MIA buyers, carousel should look into it carefully if buyer did it so frequently they should be terminated or warning or temporary suspended as they waste every sellers time especially there is another buyer waiting.
Hate this app, to many restrictions, very controling. 4.7 RATING??? GOOD LUCK WITH THAT.
Bloody hell...i update uninstall reinstall the app many times and yet it keep telling me to update the app when i post something to sell ! Fix the bug quickly!.
Good platform to sell goods, always provide solution to help..
Very functional in English, but would be useful if announcements were translated..
Excellent app for trading! Thanks for developing such a comprehensove platform for everybody to enjoy shopping online!.
when watching, the navigation bar will not auto turn off to achieve a full screen. Its a no brainer why can't the developers improve it???.
Convenient and straightforward. A good alternative to use as a medium to buysell stuffs..
Easy to use and secure as far as I can tell. If any issued come up from my exp it was user related. Thank you.
Very good apps! Appreciate it! Thankyou!.
I have sold more than 100 items here. I love it. My only wish for this app is a smart recommender system when browsing.
Great apps. I am serious carouseller for 2 years and benefit from it. Good job and well done. Thank you..
Buy or sell also very easy. Very Good..
No sincere buyers anymore. Many ask questions just for fun and don't reply after. Most just low ball and ask for ridic ulous price too. Have not been able to sell a decent item for awhile even after I promote the ads..
Lots of income generated. Would appreciate if the team would be more cautious about sellers. When buyers report, please send a human eyes to check the listing instead of just AI/computer processing..
Done my first transaction and it was a success thanks to this great application! Keep up the excellent work. 😀.
Search engine need to be further improve, all else working great!!!.
Who thought it was a good idea to replace "popular" in the sort by tab with "best match"? Its garbage and i cant find anything useful.
Wonderful app, helped me save a lot with the amount of good deals there are on this platform!.
Easy to navigate. Would be good if sellers can list more than 30 items without having to pay for a higher quota though.
Best app for online purchase.Secure transaction with Carousell protection,no worries about scammers even if u choose post method..
There's always an error encountered whenever the app is opened and posting or sharing listing has issues too. Pls fix the bug.
Very helpful and practical in building long term cash. With great joy. Thanks so much Carousell,.
Great platform for people to buy and sell things at their convenience. Highly recommended..
After the latest "policy" update that claim to help tidy the market with spam item and so on is totally rubbish I think they are moving toward pay & pay approach. .. i quit..
Very easy 👌 and very safe . From people to people. I loved the safe payment method it's really good 👍. Thank you so much carousell.
A great app to sell off your stuff. Prices can be negotiated with the sellers..
Easy to use interface to list items and chat with buyers and sellers..
Great platform, very useful and safe :).
Platform is easy to use, managed to sell my 1 yr old bicycle within few hours. Thank you..
Good app. Easy transaction. Although sometimes lags abit. Overall it's good..
easy to use. You can find some good deal but you can also find crazy seller..
Great app. Although a bit slow at times. Need to optimize it..
Love the recent new service to offer boost my listing on random selection. It has helped to clear items faster..
Helpful and easy to use app. Well Done Carousell.
great experience for online shopping I highly recommend these application..😊😊😊😊👏👏👏👏👏.
Cant even register. Im indonesian, tried to register in the app, but it requires mobile phone number verification with +65 number. I'm in indonesia, how do I supposed to have +65 number?.
I have been a regular Carousell user and very satisfied with this App. Thank you to the developers and more power! :).
The app is easy too use and so much variety of items! But it hangs quite often so not 5 stars.
Great platform to buy and sell items 👍🏼.
Messages always delay or disappear..
CAN'T POST AD, always saying "something went wrong". Need to reinstall to post ad..
Easy to use, one suggestion with the app is to add mode of payment like cod with guarantee from your end to reseller and provide delivery options. Thanks..
The experience was great but it lacks other functions like in payment and delivery..
Very good platform to sell your old items.
Great UI. Easy transactions..
Everything is easy and comfortable. Love the new feature too (Carousell Pay).
A very user friendly App., Helps community to be environment friendly by exchange of consumer items..
Useful app to reduce, reuse and let others have an opportunity to enjoy what we used to enjoy..
Great platform to buy and sell secondhand stuff. And also to find some great stuff!.
Great app to go to for things that you need quick n Don't need to wait for weeks to be shipped from overseas..
App sure has improved👍 Still a few hiccups here & there... always have room for improvement... cheers✌.
Very convenient in selling pre-loved items..
im so disappointed by the newest update. now almost everything needs coins, and the app always has network issues.
Easy & Simple to easy. I found items at reasonable prices & good condition..
Very cool and useful app, cool items and sellers to deal with! Its a five for me.
Best with carousellpay option but the transaction to seller's bank account should be more faster after buyer received the item..
Basically if i'm able to give negative i would give it a -10. Here's why:- 1. App is not always in-sync with the web, even if the message is read or replied, app always don't get the updated details. 2. Users in the Carousell markets seem faked; most items can be seen listed in multiple users but using same pictures or even same item defects and at times even the same item identification means (for electronics). 3. Moderation of the marketplace is extremely biased; Paid accounts will never get penalized for any reason while those free account holders get all the punishable actions. 4. Some of these abovementioned paid users/accounts are linked to dubious or un-authorized moneylending or even money laundering means. U can spot them easily in the gadgets section easily. Shops listed are often not as reflected as the address given, even if u do visit them in person. 5. Bad safety net; purchase can be made using the in-app means but when deals fall thru, the refunds/returns is not always clear and prompt. (in short, take money easy....return not) 6. Bad system protection of personal data; As i'm in line with the cyber-security know-hows, the info u share in this app is not 100% safe. (in short, no free lunch....something from u is always used...just only where and by whom).
Great app. Communicate clearly w buyer and sellers to avoid miscomm 😀.
today advertise, instantly got buyer and close deal the same day..
easy to sell and buy. love the carousell protection.
This is the best selling application, easy, simply and large network..
Good experience so far as buyer but as a seller quite difficult to get good genuine buyers and lots of bots..
Easy to use and accurate in terms of persons,information and items.
Love it. Very useful and helped me buy and sell quite alot of things..
So far the deal made from this app are smooth and easy transaction. Love this app so much..
I've beennin carousell since 2015. I've never had any problem so far ❤ great app, legit transactions and very convenient to use ❤.
Carousell is getting from bad to worst; and with current updates it has just reached HORRENDOUS stage!! Their customer service officer (Crissy) is just unbelievable, went ahead to closed a case without any updates or even reply!!! Totally absurd!! I am pretty certain Carousel has too many on their plate and they are unable to handle anymore, thus comes up with such silly updates! Goodbye then!!.
So far so good. Easy to use and easy to reach locals market. Able to sell my used stuff easily. Fantastic.
User experience is great for both app and web. I highly recommend this app for both buyer and seller..
Unable to change category. I listed something as Kitchenware but somehow it is in the Face & Skincare category and can't change it. Impressions and clicks are low.
Stupid programmer and apps developer!!! I send text to seller during offline. I thought it will be drafted. However, my text disappeared once online..
An excellent, easy-to-use, free for all platform for buying & selling.
Good app. Only thing is no language switch and quite a lot of ad.
Constantly updating for better flatform, and helped me greatly. Thanks and keep it up!.
Easy and friendly user apps with more deals.
I got forced logout from my account from the latest update. Tried logging in and reset password but still fail. Fix this..
Great app. Helps save the environment by letting buyers buy sellers unwanted stuff..
Very affordable items and easy transactions with sellers and buyers. 🙂.
Easy to use, just needs some street smarts to get what you want..
Great app for buying and selling. Easy and friendly to use.
Its a great app. But lately it keeps saying "Error occurred".
Good but Not that secured when it comes to Transactions.
Good app. Very easy to use and search for needed items..
Is a good app for you to let go of the stuffs which you bought on impulse or no longer needed. Even though you may meet insincere buyers still there are quite a number of sincere buyers.
This online selling app helped us to declutter most of our preloved things at home. I will continue using this app..
Happy to have this application, making transaction much easier..
Connection always lost, new updates totally SUCKS.. even the messages are frequently didn't appear at my notifications.. congrats for completely ruining the apps.
Looooove this app alot! It helps people to find what they need in cheaper n faster way!.
Love this app.. hopefully you can get all the seller to have caroupay. For the safe transactions..
Super smooth, never pa ako naloko sa online shop na ito and luckily, most of my seller are honest and very accomodating..highly commendable when you are looking especially for the used items😍😍😍.
Great experience overall from buying to selling and also paying. Great app!.
Sellers are professionals, a lot of items to choose from :).
Been with carousell for 5 years already.A good platform to buy and sell (provided never kena lowballers). lucky that i have not much item to sell so not so much issue with the new listing measure..
Easy to use and the support team is very helpful and responsive..
Very good in use app👍 And very fast to get feedback from customers..
easy to use and has been a great tool to let go of my pre-loved items!.
Need to add an option for extra comment where for those seller where not after item sold, cos some seller r posting items for fun where not answering question or some that sell to 3rd party after dealt b4 collection date..
Can't send and receive any messages already cleared cache, all data and reinstalled still nothing..
Interactive Ui and cool concept abled to sell my book in just a few hours👍.
Easy to use for both as seller and buyer.
usable but needs a lot of improvement.
Easy to use and deal. Wide spectrum of items listed too. However Carsousell should do more to sellers or buyers that has bad reviews..
Much faster chat nowadays, good improvement for prompt communication with seller and buyer..
A great place to sell and buy! Never know what great stuff u can find here!.
Instantly suspended after posting my first sale that didn't violate the terms of service. Not even 1hour after installing the app..
A very useful app indeed and provides me with trustful and viable option of buying online..
Really good app for one to one selling. Easy to use and communicate with buyers.
It would be nice if sellers can use the pic and description of the preciously listed item as a template, can save time when relisting same items.
One week in, already proud seller and new owner of a few items. Quick and easy to create selling posts. Easy to communicate with buyers of different nationalities. Highly recommended!.
Great place to deal. However text message is a bit lag..
Nice app and platform for selling your preloved item, very responsived and helpful admin as well, I have great experience using rhis platform.
Nice and easily buy and sell stuff.
Good platform to sell and buy locally..
Very helpful app, you can sell and find anything you want.
keep having error despite redownloading the app, happens too often and many times fail to work.
Overall is good but the app lags and may have connection issue occasionally..
Very helpful app. Easy to use. Great for selling!.
Excellent app solving the needs of many and preventing wastages whilst bringing back to life lost value..
Good apps. Easy to use and effective to find buyer/seller.
App was good, but is now riddled with ads. Somemore now got listing quota and listing insertion quota. Carousell is really out for money.
Easy platform for transaction..
Sold many of my stuff on carousell. Bought a few things from here as well. Very good app..
This app will be more famous and better than Mudah.my if you keep the app more stable and more features. Congrats..
This marketplace is awesome. I have been using this to sell my stuff for few years..
good platform to trade, specially the used one to look for a better home..
Love buying 2nd hands as a second option and this app allows me to explore the ones not at the thrift store....
Always loading failed for network issue lately. Lack of searching products within only a single seller.
Easy to use appp and more products to choose from and low low price.
Why my post was kept on getting removed when i update the price. Im not even creating a new listing, but i just updated the price, because i put the wrong amount when i initially posted? Then my post will be deleted. This is such a very bad system feature..
Very nice and convenience to send parcel.
Great media to transact with sellers and buyers..
Able to find most of things and compare and the things in price, quality, delivery at the same time.
Easy to use app and easy to become a seller too! Sold lots of my preloved items :).
After recent updates to app, seems to have seen more hanging issues than before.
Very helpful for online sellers. Thanks Carousell.
Easy and convenient for seller to post items for sale..
Great platform to sell one's item. Thanks Carousel..
Error encountered shown when opening the apps. I guess something is wrong with app. Please fix it..
A great app where buyers and sellers meet. I'm glad to be a part of Carousell👍.
Quite complicated to search stuff. But overall not bad to use.
This app is working good and its really easy to use, i already sold some item in here. 👍👍👍.
Email add a must..serious buyers and sellers see to that...convenient and fast.
Loved it! Just don't get yourself into scammer okay! Peace @ much love!.
Photos quality extremely blur and lousy....fustrated....how to do business with such a bad photo quality.....
Ahhh I love caraousell if I can't give 100 🌟 I would give... The apps the transaction... Caraousell should thanks to Their marketing team indeed.
Very responsive and help to resolve issues profeasionally..
Before i can see the people i follow. And now i cannot. How am i suppose to check out their latest listings if i cannot see them?!? Plus everytime i search i always have a sold item in it. Im searching for an item i would like to buy not a sold item!.
Carousell has improved much in its user friendly enviroment. More traffic nowadays and cater for all kinda items under the sky..
Good for looking for items you can't find in the market anymore..
Is a good platform for selling stuffs. Thank you for developing such great app.
Excellent application for local services in Singapore.
Very convenient..Thanks Carousell for being an excellent instrument🙂.
Great fun for an active declutterer.
I was very happy with carousel. Im malaysian but i like to buy things in spore. I got almost bought max 100item in this app. Tks carousel.
Sooooooo slow always loading can't see any pictures of any product it takes alot of time to load....😵.
Others apps updates are 10 step forward but this apps update are 100 step backward. Please look forward into this matter..
This app is really helpful to sell your merchandise faster!.
So far so good. Recommended to all who wants to platform to get rid of their "treasures"..
I'm a user for Carousell since day one. Until now it's one of the best apk for buying and selling..
Very accommodating sellers so far, very friendly, and propetionals. Cheapest products we love it. God bless everyone!.
Great apps to sell your preloved, makes everyone happy...😉👍.
A very useful and reliable platform. Keep up the good work. To the Team who created this 👋👋👋Thank You So Much🥂🥂🥂🥂🥂...... Mores to offer👍👍👍.
Dear developer, the "sort" option can it NOT be "Best match" by default or can it be up to user to decide? It used to be at "Recent" as default. Why change? Pls consider. Thank you..
Great apps, easy to sell your old stuffs...love it!.
Buy and sell, happy with the app. Convenient and good..
Very convenient, hope it can connect to payment sites and courier.
My fav app for quick deal! Thank you!.
My go to app when looking for buy and sell. It has been reliable so far.👍.
Better than FB Marketplace, prices are almost always accurate..
Great app for buying and selling vintage stuff!.
OK heres the problem the terms and conditions are in Malaysian and Thailand standards so once i signed up i get banned after placing 2 ads one for Android and another for Keyboard in Canada. When i ask about the "violation" they just send an automated msaage 48 hours later saying terms of condition were violated and that i was banned. What was the violation? They can't elaborate?? Reviewed the terms and conditons and it's a joke again no clear cut information no reasoning provided..
Great app for buyer and sellers :).
Great platform for selling your stuff. 1 star until Carousell assistant spam is stopped or can be permanently disabled.
Not bad to buy n sell your personal things .. too bad now limited to 30 listings ... Should be allows 50.. maybe by promoting their apps or programs ..refferals .. to earn loyalty program that ..get back to 50 listings..or programs that helps users to earns points for consideration in eg :Facebook, Twitter.. promoting marketing....
Good platform for selling or buying and secured transactions..
Easy to use and has a large user base..
This aplication so helping me. Easy to use and fast sales.
Nice application. Nice site to sell and buy things..
A very user friendly and helpful Apps.
Alot of great things can buy here which is affordable 😍😍😍.
Very good platform for selling & buying.
The best app for selling used item or new...100% trusted and easy user...love it.
Great app for side income as well as for clearing off pre-loved belongings.
I love how we can post descriptions on our products freely without restrictions, just hope they could expand the way we could promote products without paying much. Like 4 hours bump on our chosen products, would be a great help already 🙂.
Easy to use and connecting people who has items to exchange or dispose..
A simple platform helps you to buy and sell your products.
Sometimes error .blank screen have to refresh a few time.
Nice website, use it quite a few time for 2nd hand stuff.
Next best thing albeit some server hiccups..
Very good platform for 2nd hand buying and selling!.
Great shopping experience !.
Great & user friendly apps. I just made my 1st sale on Carousell..
Mostly good, but i experienced scams, lost about 500 hkd, hope this problem could be fixed.
Great place for treasure hunting. And bargain too..
so many categories to search for items,good app,enjoy very much.
Useful and helpful app, platform for recycling or disposal of useful items.
Bought many stuff and useful for comparisons..
Easy app to find everything you want to sell or buy ..
Its easy to use,to communicate and there are a new updates.
Sold and bought a lot of items online here. Good site to search for good deals..
Nice. Buy many scammer try to trick you, be careful.. Just do the transaction in carousell or confirm the money already transferred to your account before you postage it..
Bought quite a lot of items through here without any problems so far. Easy transaction and communication with sellers..
Love this apps best for me sell the my item. Just sometime had get the air ticket from the buyer.......
Great app, connecting people with wants & needs! Marvelous!.
easy to find anything you want to buy.
Great app! I hope more people use this app for business.
A good app for buying and selling. No complaints..
Easy to use but sometimes I wonder why I can't access when using my house WiFi....
Easy and fast, its my favourit selling App.
Smooth interface. Sellers are well taken care of..
Nice platform to search for affordable items! Highly recommend.
Thank you very much. However, my client is from another portal. All tenants from your portal have very highest expectation and demand, I just feel wrong match or they simply expect higher quality. I would suggest may be it's time to categories type of membership both buyer n seller. Thank you very much for your assistance. Regards Alice.
Good aps easy to use and protect user well.
Great and fast response for any questions.
Great way to buy/sell items...
The seller actively replies, and item shipped immediately..
Good i like it. Everything can sale easy and fast..
A very good platform to utilize your wants and needs.
Easy to use. Too many advertisement which might be irrelevant though.
Really great apps. So far so good. Nothing to complaint..
This Apps is nice but I found Not all but some of Customer not want to buy or sell after they knew you are foreigner, They like the product and agree the Price but finally they ask "What nationality where you from ?".
Varieties of items for many types of people can be found here!.
Very positive, hope i can reach more interested buyers. The featured program is very helpful.
Best app for buying n selling. easy n simple to use.
Easy to use ands sell items..
This platform is great for sellers and buyers online..
Great place to buy specific items that aren't always available in store shops..
The app is keep on stopping after the last update.. Technically can't use it.....
Very useful and convenient app to buy sell or trade...
Very very useful app.. i made most buys from Carousell easy and reliable fast..
Smooth, super useful, very private and no bugs everrr.
Great app for seller and buyer!.
It was good until I uninstall and reinstall Carousell and now I cant find photos under All Photos 🤬.
Have successfully sold my stuff on Carousell several times without problems. Follow Carousell's advice, be cautious, use common sense and you should be fine. Good luck..
A very useful app for buying and selling items..
Easy to use (sell,transactions) Thank you! :).
Great, except sold items should be removed for easy browsing.
Very good App to sell and buy things... Really hassle free.
Easy to buy, even easier to sell.
Smooth, and fast transactions :).
Excellent apps thru selling and buying Recommended.
Thankyou for this easy selling platform that we can easily post any items..
Large local crowd and most effective platform to resell or buy stuff (new or used).
Wonderful app with constant updates and revision for easy navigation.
So far most of sellers & buyers are cooperative & friendly..
Easy apps for buying and selling of items..
Nice for buying and selling second hand items..
Great application esp to sell preloved item..
Super effective, sold within hours after posting.👌.
Love this app my transaction makes easy good to sell stuff very helpful nice I love carousell buy and sell makes easy 💖💖.
loved it but i hate " spotlight " bcs i search within my area but the spotlight is hujung dunia.
Very usefull app and easy to sell something.. Thank you carousell app 😊😊😊.
Carousell is the best selling buying apps . User friendly apps . All the things needed is there awesome carrousell.
Very good app and has improved over the years!.
Its good to be having apps like this,its been so easy to buy anything on here thanks a lot carousell.
Easier to communicate with buyer and seller. Not acceptable for those who did not play play ordering.
Nice app, good for selling and buying..
Great experience and helpful for beginners in online selling🤩Nice application!.
Good app. But sometimes it says error in connection.
Love carousell.. easy and good for buyer and seller to find/sell items.
Please improve search function and the app is always experiencing tech issues.
Wonderful, making buying & selling easy & nearer. Very easy to locate what you need & Al the traders in carousel are largely, ppl of integrity....I love Carousel.A.
Would been a 5 if it does not lag from time to time. And no its not the internet comnection..
Good to buy things and it help us to communicate with others too.
good for either buyer with its varieties of products or seller with its fast reach of potential buyers.
Superb app. Sold almost everything I needed to..
Convenient and easy to use. Good reach..
Pay to use...else limit to 30 listings. Carousell is dead..
I can't make an account. When it says country or region the app won't give USA as an option.the only options are foreign countries..
Easy platform for selling/buying stuff you need..
Great platform for getting your favourite ,rare or even used working stuffs!.
Very effective! It made my selling easier..
Bought many different things here, no issue when collection products from sellers.Satisfied and happy with product bought..
Just ok, No voice messages which in not user friendly enough..
Good platform for buy/sell new or used item..
Very user friendly app to sell or make purchases..
Ridiculous app..I had an account no selling anything or seldom login..last I get suspended.not highly recommend to use..
My go to App for buying/selling used items in Singapore. App is easy to use.
Great platform to buy stuff you need and want.
Very helpful and user friendly platform..
easy and reliable apps to use..
Great experience when i could find rare items especially vintage item.
it is a pleasure experience to complete a deal..
Excellent apps to sell and give away stuff.
Shopping and selling experience is great so far..
Sometimes the app crash, but overall is good 👍.
User friendly, easy, lots of great stuff, sold some of my old stuff.
I have uploaded my listing but error encountered and my listing is gone! Please help?.
Buyer is straightforward and easy to work with.
nice app and very easy to sell item here..thanks a lot.
Easy to use and easy to find pre-loved things..
Interphase is seamless and easy to use..
Fantastic platform for selling and getting stuffs in good deals.
A pretty great app especially if you want to sell preloved items.
Fuss free and really useful platform to declutter!.
Most user friendly app that I've ever downloaded for online shopping made easy for DUMMIES LIKE ME. GREAT JOB!!! 👍👍👍🙏🙏🙏💖😃.
Carousell is the best online store for preloved and new item. U can fine items that are some old but still good to use..
Great platform for selling, best to COD unless trusted seller..
Easy to use for buy and sell.
Easy to buy and sell used items in Singapore 🇸🇬.
Easy and reliable apps. Highly recommended!.
Convenient platform for seller and buyers alike..
Good site and easy to conclude a deal..
Simple and very easy to use and to upload photos.
Some category are not enough this cannot list properly or search come to no results 🤣.
Recently apps keep exiting.. After last update.. Fix bug plz.. If not i give 5 star already...
Maybe try to improve the refresh process.
Very nice and helpful app to use. But those lowlife scammers abuse it!!!.
Very good app, they trying thier best to serve the sellers well . But theirs a catch , ....
After app update, message status is sent but seller have yet to seen the message..
Very user friendly.. good platform to sell stuff.
Best ui, stable apps and easy for buy and sell things. Recommended.
Sold few things on this website. Recommended to buy preloved goods.
Love this app there are many patient and kind sellers!.
Check ur alogaritm about duplicate item. Bad platform to sell something..
good apps for buying new or used stuff,also a good selling thing.
Easy to manage! Make buying and selling easy..
Very accommodating to seller and buyer..
Lots of buyers. Efficient n effective. Good experience.
All good only it takes so long to transfer balance money to my account ...
Best way to trade and get value for money always..
4 years using this application. So far no complaint. Keep up the updates..
Ease of use. Minimal hassle to list..
One of the easiest platform to search used items online 👍.
carousell's a great platform for buying and selling :)) easy to use and has ample safeguards against scammers and fake reviewers ❤.
Very easy to use and so much options to choose from..
Great platform for selling extra or used item..
Easy to find item when need urgently.
Most of the sellers here are very accomodating. There might be some that are not responding but there are the inactive ones..
Enjoyed very much to sell my products and get a good deals. But please kindly stop users from using abusive wording such as low baller. This platform is a free market. Just state your price is nett and ignore if not interested to deal!.
Helped me so much in selling my items.the transaction is so smooth as always.
Best platform for Preloved goods and to reduce fashion waste..
Love to search rare items ini good price here... I also sell my items here ... It's easy to use.
Easy to upload items to sell. Love it..
The Best Platform to sell!! I like it!.
Nice platform to sales our unwanted, used and new households..
Carousell has successfully helped me sold a number of vintage items. I am delighted..
Good app for selling and buying items in this online marketplace..
Lot Rare Items...easy to define trusted seller base on their total of positive feedbacks..
It's a great place to sell anything, from secondhand to brand new items 👍🏼.
Too many scammers on this app compared any others. The scammer pretend to be interested on your item(s), and lure you to proceed via chatting apps. Where they would scam you to disclose your card number and the code on the back of the card. Please be careful... Busyet, banyak banget penipu di apps ini. Awalnya pura-pura tertarik, trus ngajakin lanjut di applikasi chatting. Trus nipunya di sana. Hati hati untuk para seller....
It's time to upsize your server capacity Carousell! The occasional server down messages have cost you the missing star here!.
Many great seller in this apps....and easy to find item that i wan to buy....
Good medium to find and sell item.
Had been really bad this year with apps saying not responding when doing search.
Highly recommended app for hard to find items..
Best application to sell your preloved one and to buy an item with the lowest price than the actual..
cant even reply to the queries. it keeps on saying failed..
Great experience. Helped me get the item i wanted fast. Thanks!.
Sold a couple of items already. Easy app interface with a good support from Carousell :).
In Singapore Carousell, got a lot of user selling so it got a lot of variety of item make this app a very good app to buy useful item.
Convenient and easy for Sellers and Buyers.
Overall this App great. Only sometimes showing "owl".
Pretty fun and first place to look for some accessories.
Feedback platform not so user friendly. Buyer might gave the wrong feedback ratings.
Easy to use, easy to sell.
Very friendly and easy to do online selling.
Useful app! Let's recycle the goods and save money..
Made payment via online banking. Payment was failed but my bank account is deducted. USELESS APP.
Great app... no issues in selling anything here....
Very nice experience and reliable app.Highly recommended..
easy to meet buyers and sellers.
Trying to get started and it doesn't even give me the option to select in the states..
Easy to look for things I need and want. Tq carousel.
Decent app for decluttering things or simply selling stuff.
pleasant experience with the seller. mostly prompting and responsive.
Customer reach is phenomenal for a free service like this. Thank you!.
Generally user friendly and easy to use.
Good app to buy used and brand-new product reasonable prices and also good seller.
Very Useful apps.nabenta ko mga pre love items ko..
Fast, easy & secure 👍👍👍👍.
Great buy and sell platform......
Great layout and very friendly.
I love this apps.. Easy to me search what i won to use to buy to sell.
App needs more work in UI and notifications Basically never notified until I open up the app.
The best platform for dealing with used goods..
Many problem. Problem loading everytime..
Great platform to sell item.
I can't verify my mobile number and my listing for sale could not be activated.
Hope this app can upgrade for use it, like make auction.. In malaysia never have fuction like it.
Love Carousell. Convenient platform to buy and sell old things..
I have many closed deal with carousel.. Very good platform to sell your used things and unwanted stuff..
Get items you want without waiting for long shipment.... Like, deal and meet.....
Happy to sell..just fix the rate review to be fair.
Fast & Effective selling!!! Good.
It's not allowing me to select my country......united states isnt even listed as an option.
Thank you Carousel for letting me sell action figures online. Im very happy to supply my customers with figures they want. In the end everybody is happy 😊.
Overall good, but system payment still manual.
Notify me to update the apps which i have already done it earlier. Failed to upload my posting due to issue..
What's with carousell lately? It used to be an awesome app for selling new and used items. But now, it seems so full of disgusting regulations and whatnot, causing a great turnoff, especially for paying users like ourselves! I mean, shouldn't paying users get a better privilege, at the least, so that we would continue to buy more of your coins, because it's working? Buck up now carousell, before another app developer overtakes you far off from your market. By then, no use crying over spilt milk..
Great app to sell and buy things.
Nice apps for seller or buyer..
This app si helpful for me and to everyone. Nicejob carousel. Job well done.
I hate the latest update. I have a carousell account and it was pretty great during the early days. However, this new update u can only list the 30 items at the store to sell. And I have over 300+ items to be sold and those are not shown to buyers due to the "manage quota" my sales have been decreasing because of that. Pls fix this problem!! :(.
The app is a great go to to find the things I need at a great price.
I love this app it's make me easier to find what I was looking for n the seller good attitude n fast response.
Chat feature isn't that good but it will do...
Easy and user friendly.
Very accurate and resourceful. Highly recommended.
so fast so good..i love it...easier for me to close deal...
I have lately realised that I am browsing year old ads, because the 'best fit" filter became the new default filter. I have no idea what does it mean and why it has been set to deafult. Previously the default was the "most popular" filter which has not been any more useful either. Let me highlight that, a regular user's aim to find fresh, new ads to get the good deals before it is taken. See ads liked by a hundred people does not seem to be useful. Default filter obviously should be "new"..
Always having server errors.
Good app..very useful to buy n sell used and new items.
Most worst buy & sale app So laggy and buggy!!! Kung meron lang zero start lalagay ko dito eh kaka umay 25mbs din internet ko tapos no connection sa app na ito haist.
Great to deal with people at carousell...
Good but need more security from scammers..
Easy to use and understand.
I cannot send or receive any messages. Poor performance.
Thanks carousell. Easy and transparent..
Fast transaction online. Nice platform..
Good Platform to buy & sell your stuffs..
Great App.... Making buying n selling simple n transparent. Tq for making my day!.
Used them to sell and also buy excellent preloved stuff, user friendly platform.
rubbish app with ads and payment system..
Very good app for transactions.
Very nice buying and selling platform..
Error encounter text appears every time opening the app.
Getting started with online selling and carousell helps a lot.. thanks carousell...
30 listings or even 50 listings is too little. Decluttering a cupboard will literally take up all the available quota. I had 280+ listings and NONE of them are repeats. Now I have to make compilations. And guess what's the result? Things sell slower because people can't be bothered to look through a compilation. I don't see how this is going to 'increase the quality of listings in the marketplace'. The quota is a SIGNIFICANTLY terrible idea and works against ALL your users..
Probably is the best app to do local trade in Singapore. Still has alot improvement can be done.
My 2nd account as 1st account suddenly can't login n be found..
good application.. sell fast and secured transaction.
Items easy to find n reasonably priced..
Tons of safety reminders on the app to avoid fraud..
Very useful and addictive ! Haha wish I started using it earlier!.
Easy to sell off items..
Great for selling... great for buying... what else ? ..... so great ; ).
Always finding d best stuffs..Great app!.
Wide audience. Broad market. Helpful staff and user friendly system.
Can't use in the USA no united States listed in where I live.
Can find good deals here!.
I've been using Carousell for a while now, and I've got to say that what I love about the app is that it allows you to easily browse what other people are selling and their location, as well as their preferred method of giving or receiving an item. You'll be able to see which sellers for an item are near you and quickly decide on an item by just looking at the details or location of meet-ups. Overall, this is a great app to use if you're willing to buy or sell items anywhere you are..
Good app and platform for buying and selling.
Convenience to use and faster to sell items.
A great place to buy second-hand/preloved items!.
It's not wasted to scroll on this app.. Thanks.. Nice one.
Great app and to sell things.
Has been a breeze using the app. Still enjoying using it..
Very good platform to sell and buy..
Awesome and good quality of products to choose from.
Carousell doesn't have PayPal /Credit Card payment & I don't have PayNow/Paylah nor Internet Banking so had to go OOH for Direct ATM transfer....
Easy to use and super active in Singapore!.
Fantastic to buy 2nd hand books. Amazing prices..
Help a lot😍... Sold a lot of preloved items...also can find other good condition preloved items with a lot of variety... Easy to use... THANK YOU SO MUCH.
One of the good platforms for buying and selling..
Great app and easy to use..
Easy, fast,convenient app of most !!.
Mas ok pag benta dito kesa sa fb. Sa fb mga buyer puro hm? Tas wala na. Sa carousell mga buyer takaga. Fast and free plus hassle free transactions 👍 post, deal, sold that easy...
the filter can't seem to work properly. what's the point of having filter button if can't do it's work? also, the error message pops up too frequent even tho I believe there's no error especially after refreshing the page. loads slow too, as mentioned by other users, definitely not my internet problem because other apps can load very fast..
Ok except when we bookmark some sellers didnt appear at times.
Just a little lag, otherwise all is good except too many low ballers inside!.
Good and convenient to sell and buy things.
Good platform for buy and sell.
Great app and easy to transact..
I had sold plenty of things here And it's free! Love it.
Good except the glitches and the lagging.
Great platform for selling things. Great for sustainability..
This app doesn't support US users. I cant pick my country when signing up.
Best place to sell your stuff! Two thumbs up!.
It is super bad in limit listing in 30,those items all are used,how can it be earning money,and people ask for lower price and some offers for those secondhand items,who are the winner in this deal,if seller can't get any benefit in selling used item,they may decide to throw it to rubush bin,that may cause our earth be more suffer..
Love every abit of it.very user friendly and dummy proof app.
Easy to use and able to upload more pictures.
A very good path to sell and buy stuff.
Carousell protection for a fraction of price. A useful feature during Covid-19 pandemic..
It's that it can help me declutter and earn a little too..
I brought the profile promotion as I wanted to sell away a wallet but carousell took down my post as "duplicate listing". Unbelievable.
Quite friendly app to do business on.
One of the best app for selling second hands out there!.
Can be fast and Smooth with nice buyers..
Best place to find things. Great app.
Used to be good, but becoming a greedy appTell me, which open selling platform has a capped number of listings? Every single small feature must pay to use, but basic features are subpar. Example: Image editor always wonky also, distorts the image. Leaving this moneyface app, going to other platforms like OLIO, GUMTREE & FB MARKETPLACE..
Very easy platform to buy and sell.
Really great app to sell & buy things!.
Best platform to sell away preloved items which are still useful to next owners..
Very friendly buy & sell platform. Thank you Carousell.
Good and useful platform for trading.
Easy to use! Easy to sell! Easy to Buy!.
carousel is an easy platform for me to sell and buy.
Best site to buy and sell. Many enquiries within few hours of posting.
Great app to find deals around you.
Ok smooth using the app. But don't know how to use the hastag. The message doesn't give notice on my Samsung 😕.
Easy to list and buy items!.
Awesome app to buy used but great items..
Very easy to negotiate in this apps, more power!!! 😍.
Been using this App to sell an buy for many years. Can't live without it.
Works very well. Sold my first item in 2 days !.
The app interface is very user friendly.
Great and ready way to buy and sell items.
This app used to be good, but now i constantly encounter server errors among other things. Also the new search engine really sucks, since it searches based on individual words rather than the whole phrase.
good for selling used items except for clothes..
Great, many types of items can be found.
Nice app. Great for selling quick items. 😁.
Great platform to buy and sell..
Lousy support took like half a year and their IT engineers just keep rolling out updates but still can't even solve same issues and bugs. Hire more competent people -.-.
Great app! Easy to use..
Easy to use app for selling and buying.
Most of the seller I deal with is kind,and items I bought was all good😊.
Friendly application and easy to sell.
They keep ads for you for a longer period of time.
Hard to find items can be purchased..
Great app but way too many ads!.
Excellent plantform, user friendly.
Carousell helps me a lot in selling my preloved stuff. Their promotions are good, the contests are exciting. Item categories get fair share of spotlight in their ads and promotions. I can say it's a good platform for sellers - and may be better than other marketplace apps. Love it! ❤️ Just a comment on their new ads packages coz it's too expensive, unless the seller has a stable business. Hope they can make it a bit budget friendly. And still some improvements in organizing messages..
Excellent platform for selling and buying.
Good app can sell item very fast.
Now carousell post for seller must purchase coins... Don't worry there's Gumtree.
Fool proof! However, I hope in the near future Carousell would implement a short video for better proof of purchase for both Buyers and Sellers.
Great apps , ive meet alot quality buyer here ..
Bad customer service. Slow with situation updates. App does not provide any form of buyer/seller protection. Got scammed support team never gave resolution. They even banned my account for duplicate posting which is not true. Suport team felt really disingenuous and wasnt even empathetic. I tried to reason with them but they are very close minded and did not care about the problem. Plus this scammer had done the same thing before but he's still up on the platform. Scammer: POKEDUDE.
Very good and helpful platform..
Great apps to sell 2nd-hand items.
Great app to find good deals.
Carousell is almost popular in Malaysian and easy simple to use. Thanks Carousell so much.
Good platform to buy/sell items.
Great platform to search for items.
Carousel staff are very helpful, respectful and awesome!.
Very easy to buy and sell items.
A good apps to sell & buy items!.
So smooth, and genuine transactions.
Good platform for interaction.
I want to give feedback on the new feature to show what people have sold or bought in feedback. Don't think you guys have thought thru this carefully. People do value their privacy and may not want their friends or colleagues looking and commenting on what they trade or sell on Carousell. Also, because I give away a lot of things to encourage social recycling doesn't mean I deserve to get a bunch of lowballers thinking that I am very generous for the items I really want to sell for a good price.
Very convenient and user friendly app!.
Love this app. Found so many things that I am interested in..
Good place if you seek for second handed/pre loved stuffs.... 👍.
A very awesome platform to get beautiful items.
Good place to find stuffs, really like the price protection too.
Fast and easy selling method..
If the would of said there is no U.S. locations i wouldnt of wasted my time downloading this pos app!.
Easy to use. But sometimes not :).
Whats up with the server errors?.
Easy to use app to buy and sell stuff..
Effective platform for buy & sell..
Fantastic UIUX... one of the best in Singapore!.
User friendly and great to find used things.
I have been 6years with caeousell.From selling my old self stuff till become part time small online business.and so far carousell away keep up to update their apps,that great and good.also is easy to people who just start to in small business.Only 1 thing that I always bring up,about the coins price.for those have company,shop it is notting for them to promote their item as they can buy the coins,only the small busines like us is a bit difficult to promote our item as a bit hard for us buy coins.
Easy to sell and buy..
Fun easy to use and sell to people.
Easy to use, hassle free!.
been able to find items i've been looking for. people i've transacted with were honest and easy to deal with.
Easy to navigate and friendly.
Buying and Selling made easy for me with Carousell. Keep it up!.
Good and glad to hv this platform for sell and buy. I like it.
Good app, it gives second life to all good stuffs!.
Great apps with great improvement. Loving it so much..
Great ways to Upcycle stuffs, making the world a little bit better reducing rubbish.
Great and very easy to use thank you so much Carousell much appreciated 😊.
An good to buy and sell stuff..
Good platform to sell used stuff..
Easy way to sale your product at carousell.
Best shopping for Preloved items 4me .. hope to get more discount voucher in future.
I can watch Netflix, play games without hassle, no buffering, connection is good. But when I open this app, the command says, "Whoops, check connection." Uninstall immediately..
Good platform. Easy to use..
Good apps and friendly user. I love it much!😍👍.
Function well... Item on web also good..
Nice simple app for selling items..
Easy to use and sell items..
Good and easy to use.
Carousell user from the very beginning here. It has come quite a long way and has had some pretty good improvements. In terms of advertising, the search key words are often priced very high with low roi. And other gripe is that there is no search button to search through your messages. It'll be good if we are provided some options to create folders, groupings, search through etc. The current Archive option is totally useless. The app is also very slow in opening and refreshing messages..
Super app for agent less transaction...
Good platform to sell & buy stuff...
Great app for selling and buying..
Carousel is effective & easy to operate! Good management support! Managed to sell on 1st trial!.
Good platform to communicate faster with buye.
I start to use carousel few years back and now I can sell some of my old stuff..
Texting always delay which causes many misunderstanding and frustration from both parties..
Easy to list, easy to sell.
Assistant is helpful in promoting items..
Latest update sucks. I cannot send nor view any message. If someone sends me a message, my view would appear as if I am the sender not the receiver. It slowed down the app too. I tried reinstalling to no avail. It is def not my internet connection because we are on 30mbps. Please fix, it kinda affects my sales. I will update my review once this is fixed..
Nice fun place to buy/sell stuff..
Superb when it comes to buy and sell.
Used to be really good last time without the ads and restrictions but after they started focusing more on earning money, sales has dropped about 90% and even now only can list 30 items for free. Also, ever since they open up the free items sections, its even harder for us to sell without lowering the price by alot. Customer service is also very slow..
EVERYONE! DawnIaod (WHAFF) App for MONEY Now. Absolutely! love it! Cool & genius level game.Am in level i. But one annozing thing about this game is that the rest team has got muchbetter weapons than the left team. I've been getting in feed back whatsoever regarding mygame that freezes uout of mgames to play.Tlose a lot of points because of this issued, and there's absolutely nothing wrong withmy internet connection, the game completely freezing. Please fix this, this has been going onsince the new version on ianniversary..
Easy to navigate and easy to use.
quite good.... hope it team in carousell keep it up.
Awesome selling / buying platform.
So disappointed. The new update of 30 listings is questionable. Carousell is a platform to let us sell our used/new items. What kind of shop sells a limited number of things? Moreover it seems to me the update causes a lot of errors. Sometimes I can't see messages or load ANYTHING at all! Definitely not my internet as other apps work absolutely fine. Been on this app for 6years+ and this is the worst.
Its a nice app if you want to sell something...
Buggy and frustrating. I just took 15 min trying to list an item only to have it not show up on my page. I refreshed and reinstalled the app, then proceeded to list the same item again. Now, BOTH listings appeared. I proceeded to delete the older listing, only to find out that the newer listing was also deleted but the item was still shown on my page. Refreshing the page made all the new listings disappear. Finally I created my listing a THIRD time, and it finally shows up..
No better online forum for buying new and used goods. Transactions can be made without worrying as both buyer and seller remarks are given to assist in decision making..
Great app, sometimes encounter a scam but you can regocnize it. Just be a safe buyer or seller and all will be raimbow.
Very effective when it comes to selling your Preloved items 😊.
New policy where you can only list 30 items for free. Well, still have to thank them for providing free unlimited service all these years. They established themselves as a fixture (monopoly) in the local buy/sell apps so, it's only a matter of time they will start charging once people depend on them. Seen these sites/apps evolve since yahoo auction (closed), eBay (still existing but less local exposure) and now a charging carousell. Wonder if there is a new app coming out..
TBH, I never really rate any app that I've been using before....But because of the system of carousell app is much easier to use....I choose to rate it. Although this is my first time using this app as shopping platform....So far,its been good 😁 💛 thumbs-up 👍.
great experience in using the platform.
Easy to use app. This is by far the best selling platform app I've used. The "make offer" option is a great feature. This option allows your buyers to actually "make tawad" to your items in an organized manner. Keep it up carousell team. Better than the previous olx although I wasn't able to transfer my olx account which is why I'm only giving it 4 stars..
Especially latest few updates make the app super glitchy and the application to keep stopping. I clicked on a listing I made (multiple times on different occasions) and it was visible on my profile, but said something like 'this listing doesn't exist' when clicked. Scroll through the 'other recommended listings' directly below the 'listing does not exist' notice, only to see my original listing there working and fine. Please fix!.
Good app for buy and sell items..
Helpful and easy to use..
Great Apps! Been using the apps for many years..
i dont know what is wrong with this app... when i search for something, no matter how much i scroll, it only shows me the same few (around 20?) listings over and over again. this showing repeated listings thing has happened before but usually only a few times for a few listings and i do see new listings. i am so fed up now..
Great platform for buying and selling preloved stuff. Customer service was prompt and easy to deal with. The app itself has quite some limitations - unable to update uploaded pictures (tried to crop photos after publishing post but app failed to update), server is always encountering problems, no push notifications for pm (even if there is, it comes out late)..
Hi. I've been an active user for years, and have bought and sold a lot on the app. However, for the past two week, the lag has lagged TERRIBLY. Pics won't load. This problem takes away user experience, and I'm even considering deleting the app because it's close to useless now. Please fix it!.
It's generally good but also pretty unstable..
Always problem with loading pages.
Really unacceptable about this coming changes, want money want until like that meh? Until our own profile viewing only can see 30 listing, so what is the point list more than 30? Just because you want money? Just say la, don't need to give excuses. 1 star for you plus thumb down too! If can give you 0 star plus I'll rather give you thumb up cause you hired a dumb people who came out this idea..
App has gone down the gutter. Practically forcing users for more data like banking details and keep asking users to add balance by permanently showing a red dot to annoye people. Used to be a simple community app for individuals to buy and sell products. Now it's a fukfest of shops and in the face adverts. On top of that, app has become so slow due to video ads. They haven't even left a single place where you won't see ads. Open messenges, ads. Open profile, ads. They destroyed the community..
Surprisingly easy to locate buyers.
Easy and friendly platform.
Hello carousell, I've been using your app more than 3 years as a seller & a buyer, before this your app is very easy and good. Now, when I try to sending a photo thru the message it didn't work out like before. Likely most of the time was like this. And I had to use my whatsapp to share some of the photos to the buyers. Please fix this asap! Thanks.
nice app...easy to buy and sell very legit.
Very slow user experience. App loads slowly, pictures load slowly etc. The app does not notify me when buyers message me (even tho I turned on notifs in my phone settings), causing me to only be aware that buyers messaged me about a few days after they have messaged me. In a couple of these cases, I actually lost the buyer. Also, they only allow you to upload 10 pics of your items. And they allow you to only upload in square format. Why?? It is very frustrating..
Wonderful App - Just sold my bike within 24 hours ... Awesome and Wonderful day.
So easy to sell your stuff and buy others..
Mostly pleasant. Easy to use.
Frequently in the apps for some buyings & sellings, almost everyday atleast more than 8times. Hence it is frustrating if it keeps on prompting "app stopped", so everytime when this prompts, I have to close app, then in again. Thought it is because I did not update the app. But unfortunately the issue still persists after updating. Installing an app should be hassle free. Only with carousell app have this issue..
The greatest app without scammer or bad things. honest seller and buyer..
I tried to make payment using carousell but the app keeps lagging and loading. But my wifi connection is really good as i can open other apps like youtube at 1080p without lagging and loading. I also cannot verify my account yet because of same problem which is lagging. Please fix it as soon as possible so that I can make transactions through carousell smoothly. Tq.
The app itself is okay, but I faced too much pervert while selling my clothes. Tired of this..
So far so good. Carousel staff also very helpful.
Keeps crashing. Couldnt even launch.
Good platform for buying and selling.
It's a great app for selling and buying..
Simple n convenient platformfor buy/sell.
I've only noticed the free listing quota after using it unintentionally. I feel that this should be better introduced to new service providers. I understand that the implementation is to rid of spammers, but even at a steep $5 fee there are still businesses spamming dozens of the same thing, which is unfair to legitimate providers that abides the rules set for Carousell. I've thought of a better solution to get around the spam. Ping me 😊.
Great apps 👍 Very useful & effective..
Great place to buy and sell personal stuff😊.
Pretty good for finding deals.
Awesome app. A very high tech guy. Power bro..
Super glitchy despite numerous update. Alot of error encountered issue and nth can be viewed. Message are nt updated n notified as well. Update further my review from 2018 and now 2020. Issue persist.
There was a time early days when the site was so not user friendly to post adds with many restriction which will end up in frustration BUT now its the best and easy extremely user friendly as its say say snap and sell.. Long way to here and as i see its been worth while.. Keep pushing the limit and do the impossible ! Good luck !.
Great portal for buyer and seller. Win win for both parties.
Easy to use portal and app. You can start selling your stuffs right away after signing up and creating an account which will only take few minutes to complete. Also great for buyers looking for bargains and affordable stuffs within their budget. Highly recommended..
convenient, easy and clear..
Sulit! Very nice! Value for money most especially for those secondhand deals!.
Blocking features doesnt block the user ads from showing like Facebook or Mudah. Please improve on this, as sometimes im searching for something and the same shop who sell expensive items always showed up (since they update their ads everyday). Unless they pay for boosting, please give option to block their ads when i blocked the user..
Update 8/17/2020 Better UI and seems like the app is better maintained. Joined here from OLX. UI is cluterred. I'm more interested in selling than buying. Too many notifications that I don't really want to see. I don't want an "orange dot" for something that I think isn't important. Most phones these days have a tall screen. It's hard to keep pressing on buttons high then low. Design the UI for modern phone models. Good experience so far with the app itself. Certainly has a lot to improve on..
Nice apps...easy to sell n buy item..good job...
Great price and service....
App getting worse by the day. 1. Getting "Server error" message after searching with more filters. 2. I thought finding with more words would narrow down the search results. Ended up with more unwanted results instead. Really painful to use sometimes..
Easy handling operate the apps.
Easy to use and free to post.
Very convenient to sell anything in carousell.
Easy to use very usefull nakakabenta without paying anything sa app.
Good platform to sell your items..
Mostly seller are very fast response. Either yes or no. Good bargaining on make a deal.
Thank You for free this platform for us to sell product..
Awesome platform to use thank you for this..
Easy to find buyer.
Used to be good but now need to pay more to unlock good features n sell faster! I cant even find my own listing 5 months ago! Think is becos old listing without paying extra got hide away automatically.
Easy for communication & dealing with other customers.
Carousell admin is very responsive when it comes to user feedbacks. Even though there seems to be some hiccups along the way, Carousell is swift to make amends and make the app more friendly and safe for all users!.
Very very good. I love carousell!.
Great place buy/ sale and befriend here😍.
Great app for selling your items!.
Nice App for Selling. Its very easy to sell your New or Preloved items. The only thing I wish for them to add is their MOP for ads. Like example Debit Card for mode of payment😊.
I love this app but recently it keeps saying the stuff I am selling is identical, i am selling game account so the game of the name and the server is the listing is in the title is the same but the item and characters in it are different!!! YOUR APP KEEPS REMOVING THEM AND SAYS THEIR IDENTICAL, I HAVE CONTACTED SUPPORT AND YOU SAY A REPRESENTATIVE HAS RECEIVED MY ENQUIRY BUT HAS YET TO EVEN RESPOND.......
Easiest way to sell items as an individual. Although sometimes newly listed items take a long time to appear and the chat icon doesn't display the number of notifications when on the profile page on the app. Photos taken from my phone gets rotated automatically when uploaded to the app. Wish for a way to transact payments through the app without sharing my phone number and other personal details..
.so far so good. but I just feel for cheating people. They always try to manipulate newbie seller for ask transaction out of carousel. Even they know what they asked isn't allowed. So, very annoying And this makes it uncomfortable. sometimes I block every profile that doesn't have a photo. and the shop doesn't sell anything. as well as those who have just joined for less than 1 week. it's a preventive measure..
If there was an option for 0 stars, it would be the perfect choice. Account was being suspended for no reason when feedbacks given by buyers were all 5.0 stars with no negative ones at all. Standard template replies from their support team when asked to assist numerous times. I firmly believe that all my listings have been following the guidelines provided by Carousell No hotline to call makes this even more frustrating..
Overall a very experience. My phone gives a notif of a new message but the app doesn't show it. Poor optimization, I think, or overloaded servers. Not a good experience. While the features are good compared its giant competitor, the app's slowness makes me opt for the competitors lacking features but easy to use experience..
Excellent app for selling product locally..
Rewarding experiences. Excellent..
this laggy slow money profit driven apps ads are getting out of hand. advertising everywhere super irritating. hoping one day another apps reign over this greedy company. Not everyday is Sunday. forcing u to add walllet else notification circle will always be there. just plain stupid. if it aint broke don't fix it. u guys just had to..
Used to be a good app but now Carousell just randomly block accounts. Contacted customer service multiple times and my account is still blocked. Made a purchase and due to my account being blocked I wasn't able to get my items. Been months and I tried new account but was blocked instantly. Nice one. So after months there's still no updates from them. Can't get my items or money back. Stupid app..
I really love Carousell,I can get many Items here,sometimes it was cheap too,but we still have to be Causious and careful when Purchasing anything Online,so as not to be Cheated from Scammers🙂..
Hv sold a few items successfully via this app.
bot too much on carousel .. THANK YOU!.
Precise and trusted app. Been a member for years and did not let me down, rhanks to the worthy sellers..
Good base of sellers and buyers. The backend tech needs improving though: - errors and glitches are too frequent, - messages don't always load or go through properly and experience lags sometimes, - the search function and filters don't always give you relevant results - and there could be better housekeeping for errant and outdated posts..
Good platform to sell used or new items.
Great apps to buy pre loved item!.
terrible with every updates. photo is always super blur using your snap a photo function. always lag and took long time to upload a photo. this app is just not doing any better but worse. I really love the past carousel.. super user friendly. wonder who came out with the idea for all the new updates.. sigh.
Carousell will be reducing the number of slots we could sell in the profile page. And you have to pay them each month to increase the slots. This is unreasonable. Before this, it was an amazing application for both the sellers and buyers..
Very useful app. Just what I needed..
Great apps using and friendly use.
Convenient and user friendly.
"Oops, check internet connection" happens to often although my internet connection is perfectly fine. I almost smash my phone cause of that..
Very easy to use and secured.
Love this app! So far no big hiccups, other than over capacity once in awhile. Would love to have a search listing included for items i love so its easier to trace back by category..
Very useful and user-friendly..
Always hang, please revert it back to 3 months ago... Is always hang and lag now. Somehow I realized it always hangs when an Ad is trying to load. If you cannot get it to load correctly, please disable it before putting it into production, it is causing user grief and bad experience.
Not smooth, feel sluggish. Fix your it dept. to be on level with others. CS is very bad, just text for nothing dont know what is going on. Very bad. Dishonest Seller can have perfect feedback in Bukalapak As they allowed to delete negative feedbacks. So BEWARE. In bukalapak feedback may doesnt mean everything even if it has 100% positives, as they (seller) can delete 1 their negative feedbacks every 20 positives. It is Bukalapak Policy !.
Overall it's good, even more now it has a COD feature but with a delivery fee that high it reduce the COD feature itself, no wonder the other e - commerce competitor still a favorite among the e - commerce users with a reasonable delivery fee, I hope you can fix the delivery fee for COD feature..
This app is really bad, I cannot login and always show "try again". I'm a seller on your app, how am I supposed to fulfill my transaction if your app cannot do a simple thing like login. Very... Very.... Very... Dissapoint. Please fix this ASAP!!!!!!.
You need to aware about data consumption for this App, unless you have a lot of quota, don't install it. I just opened some sections for less than 5 minutes, this app consume more than 90 MB. That's horrible.
First, the most important one, Pls maintain your merchants, they ran away from your app. They do not care abt their ratings. They do not reply chats. (I always compare all e-commerce, even Buka Mall). Second, pls do not give too many notifs that are not relevant to me, i, a seller, even choose to block notifs from the whole app fr my phone.. Third, i do not know what i wanna buy from your app. I could not catch up with your app anymore since a long long long time ago. Thanks..
Turned off notification, especially for promotion, but the notification still popping every time.
how to change language to English? Tokopedia and Shoppee can change language to english so how to do in bukalapak? cant find. Also you should add an icon for "menang" winning for people who do serbu donation..
This is the one of the best place to find some Electrical or mechanical Sparepart. I keep to install this app, cuz sometimes some electrical or mechanical stuff in my house stopped working or experiencing trouble, i can easily to buy the sparepart here with many price variations. Also, its have a good package tracking system, so i don't need to worry about lost package or something else. Thanks, keep it up...
Good choice for ur online shop. Only the delivery service out of Java too expensive compare to the other one. But mostly this app worth to recommended:).
Paid item using BCA Virtual Account which is supposed to be an instant method of payment. They can't confirm the payment, and now I have to contact their support agent to get my money back in which they only reply to wait and they can't check their bank account balance. Junk. If you can find the same item on their competitor platform, just use them..
I can't change my name, it says changes has been saved but my name doesn't change. Also birthdates won't change, I have to redo it few times until it works. Edit: I forgot to input this issue, I tried to verify my phone number, but it keeps saying that I entered wrong password..
Anything available, easy transaction and helpfully...
Good apps, easy user interfaces Good promotion of free delivery.
Such a poor apps. I canceled my purchase as I made an overpayment. However my money was not returned within 24 hours as promised by almost all the CS. It's been almost 5 days and my money has not been returned! Bukalapak asked for copy of my savings book, ID CARD and ATM card !! after following this procedure they still not return my money. A very bad trick to get money from a common people like me!.
Easy to use, user friendly. But displaying promoted items makes a bit confusing to differentiate with regular items. When searching items sometimes experiencing difficulty to find different model due to too many similar items listed..
Very satisfied with this online shop app. Hassle free and non intrusive and safe. Thank you Bukalapak!.
Online shopping app with safe transactions, personalized recommendations and user generated product reviews.. Customer service is relatively good but could be bettes as the interface is kind of tideous....
Need a seperate 'Bukalapak-seller' app pleaseeee. As a seller, the app hangs and crashes too frequently. Plus the pop-up ads n 'promotions' are so distracting and causes tons of miclicks.. So unprofessional, please tone it down (or better yet give options to disable it).
easy to used, simple, all at one app..
Too many ads, even in the favorite list you can only see the "recommendation for you" not the stuff that you favorited.
Great app, complete features, very local promoted. They should have put more budget in promo (ongkir/cashback) for attraction like the others..
12 Oct 2020. Trying to add products to sell, but it doesn't appear in my shop. Weird. Update: 13 Oct 2020 Problem solved. Per this morning, my products are back in the shop and I can add/edit "Barang dijual" as usual. Thank you :)).
Easy to use, quick search of goods or product.
Very interactive, Simple, easy interface. Thank you..
User interface is light and easy to use. Thus.. It's created by Indonesian people. Hope to be the best marketplace application in this nation. Keep it up...
Helpful. You can chose this one as your shopping from home solution 😉.
So much cheap price in here and always update . Easy to use..
Crash, force close after last update.
This is a nice application! Easy to use. Really good that I like it so much!.
why so many useless notifications pop up every goddamn time, even some push notifications setting has been disabled but still spamming, damn this app.
So significant changes regarding to interface and comfotability after last updated version. Well done.
Good app for transaction, but I think the discoun deal need to improve.
good application , very userful in times of a pandemic and the material is very useful.
simple and great contributions. will be better if it have more payment methods 👍👍.
Getting slow and buggy... Too many popups hard to buy stuff.
Not so great app, not so great ex ceo, uninstall it. Better go with other apps, maybe green store or blue store..
I wanted to shop for my dad living outside the city but could not entering an address. I had a notification said it was outside the coordinate area. It is an important feature which does not exist in Bukalapak but exists in many marketplaces..
best and safety application for buying and selling.
Really useful app for easy online shopping..
Lengkap, user friendly menu and lot of promotions.
Shopping Experience: OK Application Performance: Alright, although it may crashes at some points Customer Service Experience: Very, Very Terrible I'm QUITTING using their service just because of their "Customer Service" that I'm trying to recover my lost account. It's not hard proccess to be honest, but they seems ignoring my previously sent messages with detail and repeatedly asking for your identity over and over. Sorry but, this is my honest review so far..
great marketplace but silly Customer service can't handle my un-verified payment until 3x24hours, lack explanation.....
i've entered my phone number years ago and haven't confirm it yet in the app. now i've lost my phone, and obviously the phone number. i wanted to change it because i have some money in the BukaDompet and i want to take it. I followed the instructions but the app can't take the photos required even tho i've allowed the app to take photos. i tried it in different devices and the exact same problem keep happening..
Sometimes the app just stop (not responding)...
Great app, Easy to use. Thankyou Bukalapak.
Most of the orders delivered on time and as per description.
Love it, but now more slower than 1 y ago.
Easy to use & credibility application.
Not bad......it helps also to buy something.
The app is ok until seller cancels order. If you pay by visa or mastercard Bukalapak does not refund the money. They say money is 100 percent safe but not true. I have called customer services 4 times waited six weeks and still no refund. The staff on the phone have no power to do anything except send a computer generated email to say you contacted them. Terrible experience for refunds.
easy user interface fast response.
Easy to use, helpful function.
First time experiencing a delay of payment confirmation. I'm not sure how their automatic verification system works but it is not automatic at all. Gotta wait for a day to have it confirmed and after a few complaints through the CS. I was choosing to pickup my own purchase but it got to be delayed for a day just because of this. Fix this please or else it wont be another go with BukaLapak from me..
so far so good. easy to navigate. cheers!.
Easy to use app, very helpfull.
good app and good online shoping places..
I like the new look and interface however sometime it'll get lagging when my Internet connection is bad or my phone has limited RAM. It has many features and they're getting much better now from the time I used this app. Just make it smooth and zero lag for old phone, like mine, in the future.
Very usefull app for shopping!.
Just as simple Click and Delivered..
Sekarang app error lagi munculnya cloudflare ???.
Great app! Thanks you bukalapak ..
Super platform..easy to use.
The app is very slow after the update.. Always crashed / closed automatically each time I tried to do transactions or even just browse for products. Thus I cannot buy from this app anymore, had to use website version which is not nice..
Worst cash mgt system !! bukalapak "freeze" sellers fund for over than 4 days after the transaction is done between seller and buyers. Idiot reasons: due to system upgrading and security issue etc... Today, a lot of changes after the case...Bukalapak is improving significantly....excellent communication by listening the user's voice . Kerp up good work...bravo bukalapak.
Good application for buy and pay.
Very easy to use and very easy to pay. Just one click then the payment done and verified within seconds.
The only local marketplace that give me very bad experience of online shoping. It can be some automatic payment system that won't work automatically (guess what, virtual account payment method still can't make it😭 and also needed 24hours to make my hold payment cancelled after several CS complaint). Not all my transactions is bad, but one star is they deserved..
Good, but when I changed my phone number, Dana account was still locked to the old one. It had been solved when some one stole my password & money in bukalapak account then my account was locked. It started from scratch..
Good app, easy to use..
This so crazy, the payment QR Code can't verify and my money so lost. DBMS Bukalapak so badly, now !.
Be bold and more creative...please make this app more light.....
Good deal marketplace 👍🏼 easy transaction.
update just make it extremely slow to open!, when I try to transaction its always going to homepage, totally can't finished transaction, I think it's better for me for uninstalled this app..
Transaction confirmation so slow, I made a payment but the status is still in process for more than 20 hours, will surely uninstall after my transaction clearly done. Totally disappointing, I regret using this app for my payment.
Easy to use. Easy to find something. Fast information of delivery ... 👍.
The app itself is good, but I can't change my phone number for some reason. I need to change it in order to pay with Dana bcs the old phone number is no longer active :(.
The app is useful. The notification is also useful by showing the status of a product that we have paid. Other than that, it also notifies promotions, gifts and vouchers..
The interface is not easy and confusing. Applications are also often slow and do not simplify transactions..
The good app, easy to use.
This apps developer will never learn about their failure. Long time ago, this apps lagging a lot. Now, new update just make the lag more perfect. It's a perfect failure..
Still the same: there's no improvement from last update; even worst, it hang at certain point. Oh, what a pity..
Bad application. Too many bugs. Return and complain policy is sucks specially for Buyer, Admin is not responsive to our feedback in discussion. Supposed to be for Item changed return when the seller did not send the Item back to the buyer there should be serious penalty for the buyer, but what happened is they give buyer 2 more days to send back the returned item (not incl holiday) & after the time limit is end the buyer still did not send the items, they just send money and buyer loss ship fee..
Very Good. Recommended. Thank's..
Very nice,,, I'm happy to learn when I use for Prakera So happy.
Nice performance, simple use.
While searching auto using main address, but When buying suddenly change to last transaction address. This is nonsense. my order delivered to last address due to not check during payment..
It's now better, but this not easy while input the promo code. Shall be showing in transactions display such as competitor did..
Easy shopping and trusted seller.
Good app even though sometime crash, but overall it's good and the promo come true from BL..
bad application, bad respon my money didn't back and for 3 or 4 days no respon in live chat, when I text back I never get respon even the chat is online it's me or more people! bad trick for get money dude! I hope this can tell people to not trust this app.
Good application to buy something that I need.
Very good apps for online shopping very informative, easy to access, user friendly-easy to use..
So far so good, mostly use Dana as the source of payment due to various promos such as free delivery (albeit partially sometime).
Nice ,easy to shopping from Buka Lapak, just sreach what do u you want and order in your mobile. Good and keep it up. Thank you Buka Lapak lapak.
Good Online Shop Application,..
Good experienced using this app. Transaction work well..
Saya ada masalah dengan penggunaan komplain, sudah berusaha minta tolong ke live chat tapi tidak bisa. Padahal saya dengan penjual sudah setuju untuk pengembalian barang. Dissappointed! Prefer to use others OL shop.. if you can short it out within 24 hours, I will change the rating!.
Great shopping app..
Good and so nice for sale.
Application is not available in English language. Available only in bahasa Indonesia..
Only for local. Malaysian can't buy from bukalapak. Sad.
Only marketplace that I can find and buy almost everything from a new trendy stuff up to a vintage collectible item. Definitely deserve 5 starts!!.
Nice user interface. Helpful to find the right product at the best price..
Speedy process, straight forward apps with multiple payment facilities..
Good apps to shopping.
The UI is nice but I keep getting notification to install the apps even though I already installed it..
really terrible in term of loading the app. by far the slowest app compared to others e commerce apps installed in my phone..
anything you can buy. let's shopping.go..go..go....
Good app, easy to use.
Very good apps,easy to find things and to do transaction.....
Simple, Easy to use.
Buka lapak is my favourite online store , whatever's I need everything is available here...,if I have any problem, Bukalapak solved it so quickly and professional....
Slow respon, help center tidak berfungsi..
I cannot connect from the balance to the funds, the code that I received always fails (the code has been used), please correct it.
Nice apps for hunting peripheral 👍.
Best third party for seller and buyer.
One of the easiest ecommerce to use. Love how Bukalapak maintains great design and user flow..
Nice App, simple, dan komplit pastiya.
reliable app for ol shop. fake seller easily detected..
Error...always back to landing page. Can't browse.
Hopefully That are committed to the customer.....
The app is so lagging and keep crashing or force closed..
Suka belanja disini. UI UX ok, transaksi aman, banyak diskon. More light apps, responsive. Great Job Guys.
Good and trusted apps.
the app is not smooth..very noticable lag and slow loading.
buka lapak use fake promo to make someone (like me) download aps. they say Rp 5.000 but when you open the aps the price raise to Rp 6.474.000.. auto uninstal bukalapak.. just use tokopedia.
Good application and satisfaction.
My money didn't back, the transaction is not response and the help center is not use, please bring back my money 😭😭😭😭😭.
Simplest way to top up your e money when you are running out of saldo in the middle of your trip!.
Interaktif, fast, easy tracking, more information.
Easy way for shopping... informativ dan mudah tahapan transaksinya. Reliable and details..
Greatt appss Fast respon.
Sometimes this application is bug.. Expecially in emoney transaction.
Good e-commerce app ... Very helpful to find any good product.
Having bad experience in refund, payment has not been received for couple hours..
Good and reliable.
Excellent. For me its easier to use bukalapak apps for ordering anything..
Good aplication. Easy to use and very helpfully.
Faster response, good application, keep maintace for good job.
How come My "barang favorit" Always show me incomplete list? Where are the others that I already marked favorit?.
Easy and practice.
Bad respon from cs... to hard to complain... one problem to many cs. Repeat and repeat again to explain the problem. UNINSTALL..
re-selection and delete sellers who are no longer active...overall this application is good.
Friendly user very helpful to find anything goods..
BL getting much better, just don't get like shopee.. too many adding stuff, unpleasant shopping experience.
Nice app.. Easy to use.
this app si recommended for buying or selling something. the product is good cheap. the sellers are nice. good job bukalapak!.
Cannot login anymore after logout by itself, so dissapointed with this app 😠.
Good online shooping application..
Good interface, most of them in this app are trusted seller.
Good app, good experience.. use it often. Thx..
simple way to shop or booked when you know how to do it..😁.
New management. New hope. The functionality shall be simplified..
Good apps, easy to use and keep maintain this perform for apps....#ojokendoorrr.
Chat feature mostly not realtime also sometimes freeze.
Easy to use, nice interface.
Friendly & usefull app.
Very helpful to recognize seller and goods to be compare .. besides, i love and support local application, from indonesia.. thks.
Best aplication for selling and looking for things u need, almost everything i needed ..👍👍👍.
I am a Malaysian made my first purchase from this site works perfectly however after making second transaction i dunno why my payment keep getting decline, try contacting customer service but all they ask to try again periodically. I tried but result still the same..this will be first and last purchase I would make from this site.
Kalo BUKALAPAK mau bersaing ini diperhatkn (fitur detil ini blm ada di app marketplace) : Caranya: -Improve kategori pencarian lebih spesifik Contoh: Keyword: Redmi Note 8 User pilh category: Combo Product: HP/laptop/kamera/..etc Check box: -Unit (handheld) -Charger(acessories) -Tempered glass(acc) -Casing(acc) -Sparepart -Etc Benefits : -Lebih cepat ketemu -Search results tdk campur aduk -Lebih nyaman -Bisa belanja produk lain ga mikir kuota -Hemat kuota -User friendly Msh ada ide lain..next.
Quite useful app for me despite the user interface and promo.
Easy shopping, safe and trusted.
Good and should maintain the security of customer data and provide a better channel for dispute in particular the differences between the spec written/unwritten and the product received..
Good app.. Very useful. Help me to find my need with good prices.
Good app to looking for your needs.
Setelah update, disaat search barang lelet sekali, Test it on Galaxy Note 9 and Indihome 20mbps..
Friendly use, helpful & quick response from customer service, also contribute so much for small economic welfare.
Voucher codes are very limited by date and by quota. Doesn't like its competitors which vouchers seem limited by date only..
Very Easy Shopping, Recommend Application Shopping.
Dev, now this app is very slow to load the page...
+s Ease of navigation, user friendly, voucher reminder etc.
Every stuff that I bought is always works..
Easy to access and reliable.
Program COD dan free ongkir sangat2 membantu tidak perlu repot2 transfer. thanks v much.
I really like this app but why I can not change to English language?.
Great apps even for buyer or seller..
Very easy and simple to use.
a great app! thank you bukalapak..
it's better to tokopedia or shopee, the rules have changed a lot since Ahmad zaky left..
So far Bukalapak is good. Clear, fast, and reliable online shopping. Highly recommended online shopping..
excellent service, recommended, reliable..
Useful, safety, user friendly .. Thanks.
Login error terus, udh pake email no hp sama aja error.
I like cycling. There is many bicycle and parts seller with unbelievable price..
Easy to use and helping the customer to purchase the goods they want with reasonable price.
Bukalapak gives the best service to Customer especially when we ask BukaBantuan to solve our problem in transaction.
Really Useful and easy to use...
I am really disappointed with the service. The program that was designed didn't live up to its promise. I tried asking CS, but it's just a promise. I have waited 24 hours, but still nothing. It just keeps making reports without any serious action. really disappointing. CS doesn't seem to understand the programs at Bukalapak. strangely, I know the provisions of the program better than the CS itself so I have to explain the program to the CS. So disappointing..
Easy to buy anything.
Great & Easy Apps.
Good apps, savety shoping.
very easy and helpful marketplace.
Easy to use and complete goods.
Good services and products as well....go on.
This app is easy to use.
Very confinience to use.
really helped me in online shopping.
Good apps, mudah digunakan.
Good, simple and user friendly.
This aplication is very good.. I like it...
Bukalapak is the best!.
Love this local e commerce app, wish you luck and great success.
Sering force closed.. device : moto, android 8.0.0.
many discounts & easy for used.
nice, easy to use application for shopping But in the DANA account, I can't change my phone number. Plz make it easy but still safe thx.
recommended with original goods.
Easy to use and fast respon.
Overall it was a good online application. Success to BUKALAPAK.
Very very bad app i think this app must be delete from playstore.
It's a very helpful app. Thank you!.
Trusted apps for any kind transaction.
Most accurate search engine than other online store..easy to find the goods...
Simple, and very easy.
Great experience for shopping.
Good application. Easy to use..
Update make app crash ANR-Input dispatching time out LineageOS 7.1.2-bacon.
Best app for online shop.
Don't worry for this Apps, it is good e-commerce Apps.
Turned off promotional emails but still getting this reksadana promotion.
Awesome, Helpful and make everything is easier👍👍.
Very good marketplace.
Too many notification, the seller are lazy.
Sangat mudah utk filter barang, UI UX nya simple...
Very useful app for online shopping.
Easy to use. Many online shop..
Cheapest way to shopping. They even can bargain. Surprise me more with your discount. Love you Bukalapak..
Stable and reliable.
Cannot create order, please fix it!!!!!!!!.
I have been many times shopping with bklpak,very good for information in ordering,delivery,receiving etc.Thanks n regards Basir.M.
easy to use, very friendly apps.
Using for years and been always great.
Great, user friendly and useful.
Good shopping apps 👍.
I love this app. Very simple and useful app..
Good application makes good transactions.
As good as should be... Selalu menjadi pilihan utama buat beli barang-barang, keep the good work..
Useful app, I can pay n buy anything..
Good apps, not to hard to use.
Great apps best marketplace for everyday needs.
Banyak bug, fix dong. Bug vital lagi..
Good aplication for selling and buying.
Greatt application. so usefull.
Keep it with the best services for buyer and still wait for new innovation and big promo.
best online shopping application with complete choice of delivery from the cheapest to the fastest in Indonesia.
Nice application Must be many discount.
Nice, I used the app for paying bills and so far no prob at all. Loading time is short and notification immediately come into my email. Keep the good work..
Very slow app, please fix..
Good for buy something's.
Easy to use, user friendly....
Good app and fast delivery.
Very very Useful apps, 👍👍👍👍.
I can't verify my phone number. I've never registered in bukalapak with those number before. They said it has been used when I literally just fill it today. I tried login with my phone number and change the password through email but it didn't work, "wrong password" they said. I need to verify my phone number to buy anything here..
Good service.. need more inovation and restructurisation..
Easy users, recommended online shop app.
So far so good. No annoying pop up ads which could freeze the app (there's still pop up ads some times, but not everytime when open the app). Bagus lah app nya, iklannya ga gitu ganggu kek sebelah..
Good Online Shop, Fast Respon....
So many many many many bugs here.
Good apps and easy to use.
Best app....... Easy used for seller.
Seller tidak kooperatif dan slow response.
Bad UI, endless pop up.
I love bukalapak new branding, with new typeface on the app, and i'm satisfied with all aspect of user experience, just little additional suggestion for transaction details page, i think need touchup for process details, like that little icons, it will be nice and interesting when the process is displayed stand out because i think the process of ordering a package is very much awaited by some buyers 😂 and important suggestion just "Extra protection for user security" okay? Thank you!.
easy to use.. no fuzz.
One of best online marketplaces in Indonesia..
Nice app. Very helpfull.
good apps and happy shopping...
Make an easy to shop reviewed.
Simple, best, good!.
HAHAHAHA.. MAU UPLOAD GAMBAR, GA NONGOL² DIGALLERY APPS BL. WHAT A BUG. FIX IT !!.
Bring back the old logo and ui #classic.
Good apps buatan bangsa sendiri and easy to used....
Good item product and fast to shipping thanks.
Easy and Practice.
the best application for online shopping and others business.
Simple, good deals.
Good & usefull application..
Great apps for online shopping.
Excellent app and easy to use👍.
Bukalapak makes shopping of what I need be sooooooo simple...👍👍👍.
It's easy to use. I hope this apps will always treat the shopper the best and shopping with pleasure. Thankyu :).
great apps, good seller..
Lag very bad, if I can undo the update Or probably uninstall it!!.
Simple & easy for newbie.
The best experience i have with shopping...
I think this app is very good. Easy to use. Easy to learn. And this app is not heavy as others. Keep it simple. I think im gonna to start using this as my main online shop app. What I might be missed about is point/reward. Is there any reward if we buy something? Eventhough the point isnt much, this strategy is always work to drag buyers. Overall, this app and Bukalapak itself are very convenient. Recommended!.
(1.) I hope you'll add "folder" feature in the future, so that user will able to sort their favorite item. (2.) And add multiple-select item in favorite list so that user can move fav item to user's desired cutomized folder or delete it from favorite list. 1 star fo catch your attention. I'll change it later when you add these feature. Thankyou!.
I don't usually rate an app. But this one make me. If I can give this one a zero stars. I can't place an order, it said that I have to login first. I already logged in, I try hundreds time but still can't work. You have a big data but don't provide us a big server???? My account was verified, but all of sudden it loging out by itself. When I want to log in, I can, but it said that my numbers was already use. Yes it is use by me!!!!! Worst marketplace ever, don't download it!!! Shame 👎👎👎👎👎.
Chat with customers always delay. I'm very dissappointed..
too many bot account, copying original with no reasoneable price... please clean it.
Really bad UX, a lot of features but no clear navigation. I searched in google for how to use a feature then still getting nothing in apps. Your app shouldve made user easier, not kind of app of very complex like Photoshop, Autocad, etc. (Need google for solving something we searching for). If there is no promo event, i will never use this app again. 👎.
Informatif, user friendly.
Nice, easy and good aplication.
Simple and easy to use.
I can't delete my wasted account I accidentally made. The system is really bad. Shopee is way better. Hope you can change that bad system on your apps..
App fluency is bad (laggy) . Promo is kinda fake, always says quota have been reached and never tell how much is promo quota for a day. After tried the promo next day, the apps said the promo cant be applied in the transaction. I use samsung s7 and latest apps. Not too mention the help page isnt helpful and cant find how to chat to customer service. Read online, and there's a lot of similar report of the problem. One more thing, nego feature actually useless, just reduce a fraction of price..
Useful online shopping App.
03nov20 -UNINSTALLED- last day being buyer as well pelapak. Still remember my 1st secondhand post was sold here, 10yrs ago. (+) freeong vouchers; competitive prices; variable stuffs all over Indonesia. (-) 1 failed transaction with P&G official store; not just I end up NOT GETTING D PRODUCT also REFUNDED UNFULLY/UNEQUAL TO D AMOUNT I PAID. So much for being nice buyer, we have no rights after all. Thanx to Bukalapak policy & irresponsible so called official store..
the best app ever ... i feel lucky to find this app . it is not for shopping only. but it is more more and more ... Thank you Allah for leting the app founders made this useful app ... 😍😍😍😍 but im kind of doubt for giving 5 stars. due to having problem with 12.12 sale that just passed days ago . waiting for every period of flash sale, but never got a chance to grab anything. everytime i try, it always says that the signal is error or something like that..
Friendly app for online shopping💜.
This app accesses bluetooth and enforces the users to do whatever it wants. It enforces the users to update to the new app (the users have no choice), it enforces the users to open windows to learn new product (dana?) of bukalapak, and I still don't know what else next. I hate the way it controls us. edit: Now it keep asking me to upload bank account book..
I really like this app. It's easy to use for shopping, but it stressed me out because there is no direct chat with the admins and not all of my questions is about payment (hence, I don't need to attach my transfer record or something). The FAQ helps but it doesn't always cover what I want to know (e.g. can I change my DANA account because I surf through google and none provide me with an answer!). It's just a thought. Other than that I love the app.
By far this one is one of the worst marketplace in indonesia, UI horrible, loading time even worse, 2 years on this marketplace, seller fee so damn high, padahal market ny paling kecil dibanding MP ijo/merah , bukalapak web ? Hancur sering eror, Pny 2 toko, 1 ud review ribuan, right now saya tutup karena untuk ganti nomor hp terkoneksi aja butuh ktp , selfie, buku bank(kyk pinjol ya). Lbih baik fokus ke marketplace sebelah.
Most used shopping app compared to the others. Its simpler, no pop-up confusing notifications when you open it, has a lot of stuff, good promos, reasonable prices, and my favorite is how fast they take care of your complain. Really. I really love their complain form. But for the app itself, can still be improved because sometimes there's random error here and there..
Crapped server. Can't search item. Everytime search item, it say 'no internet connection' 2 days update, problem still persist, so it means no willingness of the owner and their team to solve it. Other marketplace apps running well, but this one always said 'tidak ada koneksi internet' While my cash still kept o them. What the hell. Unintstall is the best way, no more cash saved for them..
I'll give you 5, if you fix your in app chat feature. Hard to open, it says "no connection" all the time (but my connection is fine) so I have to re-open the app for several times. Chat also isn't sort in the right order (according to the timestamp), it confuses me sometimes..
very Easy to use.
darn the app is super laggy and the login has an issue, i had to relogin otherwise i'll stuck in veryfying screen. sadly this happen not only in app but in desktop as well. also it seems the desktop and app are not synced properly?? fortunately bukalapak is the only platform that sells psn card so i'll keep this this app only for that reason. other note: the cust care also not responsive, shot them a DM but still no reply.  ~~edit:~~ uninstalled, didn't like it, the fund withdrawal is wasting time (the 3rd party that manage the fund is making the should-be simple process to be difficult), BL cust care didn't care at all with my queries (ironic)..
Very informative albeit perhaps displaying slightly too much information and clickables (thus potentially confusing) on the initial screen, difficult to load with slow connection, the interface to browse the products, apply some filters, make a purchase, track the progress, and receive the delivery are clear and helpful, user is well-notified on regular basis of the so many interesting promos..
So where did the category selection go? I want to browse products, but its impossible! You have to first search a keyword, and only then can you sort by category😠. In the older version i could start by going to category first without having to use keywords. Please bring it back, then i give 5 stars.
Good application for online shop.
Superb, easy for olshop.
I just downloaded it. And guess what? I used all of my accound to sign up include facebook. they screensaid : try again later. I thought i didnt sign up succesfully. And tried to sign up. But, it said already registered. Now, i cant use all of my emails to sign up. what a joke..
Bukalapak always the best.
The app asked me to update, so i did. Then when i want to login, it said i should insert verification code (5 digits which will be sent); i waited and tried more than six times if i could remember, NO VERIFICATION CODE ever sent. More than 30 minutes wasted for update, uninstall, reinstall and waiting for verification code, and still no progress. So i give up, maybe it's time not to use this app anymore unless you can solve the stupidity..
toggle for turn off recommendations on favourite page.
nice ecommerce apps...!.
The only Marketplace I could trust and id use for years, with no others in my phone. the customer service alwasy spot on. Real people would answer you, not like those robotic CS like others do. BUT recently they update the "perfect" version to the very very laggy version. Its so uncomfortable to shop. PLEASE dont add anymore unnecessary thing (features, ads) like other marketplace (Sho***) , it'll cause the app lagging and slowing down. I don't want to use another app 😭.
Nice apps. Goog for buyer and seller.
Easy, many option - grade & price. Indonesia bangetz.
This marketplace apps presents high level of feasibility. I enjoy user experience in good way. You will be provided with all the things either needed or not precisely. At the same time, BL guarantees me a lot since they implemented high service oriented. Pretty cool apps.
Really disapointed app. One, it have item to buy w/out login, but after tranfer money the seller told didnt have stock. The worst, I found out that no cancelation button from the transaction. Having difficulty to contact CS. Second, I order another items after login, completed the payment and found out it DEBIT from my account TWICE but the transaction status still NO PAYMENT!! Oh my... When I did complain to CS they just email me and asked to wait. REALLY NOT WORTHED APP!!!.
Very useful for buy material.
This is probably the best merchant application I have ever encountered. The only problem I found was..well, the window for seller and buyer practically had no difference whatsoever. BUT all in all, decent and well-made. I enjoy doing my selling and buying stuff by using this application. Excellent job!.
Thrice i bought something, thrice the failure... not even a single successful transaction. (All three transactions are from three different sellers and long time gap, so no 'technical error' excuses) Very disappointed and not satisfied shopping in this marketplace. Strongly recommend to purchase things in other marketplaces - better service, better promo, better interface, better sellers..
good online shop application. very complete, easy feature and what I like the most is it's online TV programs for football matches which is not only very unique but also extremely useful especially when we are far away from home wanting to watch any live football matches..
Your aplication doesn't work properly. Really annoying and very slow. I had problem with the payment and want my money back. Need solution but really difficult to reach your CS. Your Buka Bantuan also useless and confusing. All i see just a blank screen and can't type anything. 👎👎.
quite good, however the system of the serbu is still unclear and I don't really like the UI. For the reksadana, quite good but no feature for autobuying, made me not really into this app. Besides that, there are some fraud cases that we need to look very carefully. After all, this is a great app and have a lot of cheaper stuff.
good apps and very helpfull ....
It took too long, wasting my time, when click ATC the logo of BL is rotating hundreds times.
Nice and easy to use.
honestly, don't force users upon notifications. I disabled it in the settings app but it keeps showing up. it's so annoying and repetitive.
Why when i wanted to change my old phone number on this app account that is not activated anymore, it can't directly changed by using email or directly into the app, this app connected with the zendesk that we should chat the customer services which is not available everytime we hit change phone number, for the other else is quite good but this just my problem hope you give me a help for change my number faster and better way rather then over me to customer service only for change phone number.
the Best Market Place ever! very Friendly UI. I can find what i want with no hassle. even the settings is easier to understand. the UX Programmer put the right button in the right place and in the right time about people will use it. I have account almost every market place and eCommerce in Indonesia. but this Bukalapak is the best. you should try it to prove it..
What I like is you do something to inactive listings, so it is rare to buy stuff that has been sold where the seller doesn't care and just leave it there, it is annoying. Also I wish you do something about seller posting spare parts in the main category, for example I don't want to see wheels or pedals spare parts in "full bike" category..
Now they are copying from tokopedia to use the chat section to spam ads and there is no setting to block or stop it. The use multiple official account to spam this ads such as "Program Pelapak Official", "Promoted Push Account", and "Premium Account". One of those official account spam the same ads 4 times in one day on 24 April 2019..
I've used this app many years, this apps is very good and usefull however it can't delete the transaction histories, so I decided to uninstall it...
i started hate this app. first, in the previous version they continuously accessing my location when my gps on make battery drain faster. second, this app similiar to facebook, collecting user's behaviour. third, in update 3 january 2019 there is many bugs even my phone (one plus one) cannot open this app..
Unhappy with payment system.
Not recommended.. * Bad Service from *CS* (For me its just like answering machine which answering from text's rules. I think it is create not for solving problems but for those who can't read). * Platform Interests is more than user satisfaction. * Deciding from one side, not from both side. * Ear not for hear your problem, Eyes not for see yours. It just want to hear the their progress and eyes just to see whats writing inside their rules. * One Vote can't change them...
what a nice online shopping app..
UI too heavy, it just shows useless information instead what you need, there's no announcement if a payments gateway are down but have enough effort to trash your notification like there's no tomorrow. not recommended to use, their web ui are more usable at least because you can block intrusive pop-up ads..
Term of payment is NOT user friendly like other competitor's. I bought something and paid using virtual account, however the payment was not directly verified. I have to contact customer service and they return my money to BukaDompet after my transaction expired. To make it more complicated, my money on BukaDompet cannot be used for another buying transaction. I have to create Dana first and transfer the money to it in order to use it for other transaction. So complicated!!! 👎.
After latest update, i cant login to my account anymore, just load a new logo, then exit the app..
Familiar for user and good service.
good app, but i hope for the future, more security for the product… is it fake or not, coz the seller sometime send the same image with the other, thanks ^^).
Best ecommerce app.
Like Aldian says response is slow on top of that the specific questions aren't answer, at all. I do believe that many customers are bitterly disappointed with it, just like me. 2. There are no clear instructions, how to pay by instalments, yes you are lead to credit facilitators bank and what to next, no clue. I'm willing to make at least 3 purchases on 12 monthly payments but failed to access the system leading up to closing. Please put this right..
Excellent Online Shop..! Masih setia sama nih online shop..!.
I rarely give reviews but this is bad. Unclear verification system. I wanted to do a bank transfer transaction but it says it needs verifications even though i did every verifications that was instructed such as phone number and email. How complicated. How high is your standard of a 'verificated account'? Trusted this app to buy birthday gift online but failed because of this..
Someone using my email account to register without confirmation on my side. So I can't create account with my primary email. I had report the issue with their CS but no further action. This is a BIG SECURITY ISSUE, stay away from this app unless you're not concern with privacy.
In general this app is good but only one thing which is; when I look for something then I tipe on search bar it's says nothing but actually there is. The other thing is the goods that I look for mix up not seperate proverly making dificult to get. Thsnk's.
Nice shopping app.
I had a bad experience as a seller whereby money was deducted suddenly from the account and report to cs after so many months was not resolved, and also like many other users I do had authentication login issues which finally makes me to uninstall this app. Totally dissapointed and a failed one compare to other ecommerce app..
No good, too many unreal seller. One picture product used by many sellers.
Bigger cashback than others, that is the most important for me....
I have been using this app more than 2 years (as a shopper) and completely satisfied with its performance. However, please be ease at sellers regulation, meaning to be a BL seller, a month trial can be helpful to new sellers..
bad app. i have to verify my phone number but everytime i fill the password account, it said password invalid even i filled the same password as the way i login. i tried many times but nothing changed. so, i cant connect my account to my Dana and i cant use my voucher automatically because of unclear verifying. worst!.
Good Apps, Good job, Perbaiki kecepatan server!!.
good apps nice easy use mudah jualan alhamdulilah.
Sucks. Cannot even verify my phone number. Everytime i comeback to application to input the code it will automatically closed and i have to do it all over again. And of course i never get it verified. Stupid!!!!.
1st. shipping price is very expensive. Make Battery drain much faster. The app always active automatically. Even all permission is disabled. Auto start trun off. Background activity denied. No way to make this app to sleep. use too much ram. very very bad app.
Worse than others. On browsers its has problem on UI that sometimes the font color and layout are blurry or unreadable. And as seller, there's limitation to upload products only up to 25 products a day. Quite annoying. Wanna more upload? You have to pay. Sick..
android 5.1, app crash di store view pas loading next product list page, kalo di search list ga crash. jangan reply nyuruh ke appreview, males! bilang aja ke dev: pastikan source code loading next product list page di search result sama dengan yg di store product list view, krn di search list ga crash sementara di store product list crash pas next page loading (bouncing dots) -_-.
Good service, easy menu, eyecatching design, guaranteed transaction.
Nice apps , really helpful , thanks.
This apps always giving unappropriate products. Inaccurate location, can't detect your need as a buyer....can't manage budget price as we need. They always took advantage from your user password from FB by giving spam ad on your FB page...over and over again. Like an autobot.
Crashes after 30 seconds of use. Unstable and unusable..
This lapak is consumer friendly and easy to use..
One of the best shopping app.
Everytime I want to open "Discover", the app told me that I need to update my app, when I already have the updated app. Can you tell me what's wrong? I can't open anything from the "Discover" tab at this rate..
Damn i always hold my breathe every single time i load image,or make a checkout ... Why its so annoying ??can you improve it???my internet is fast btw.
AGAIN!!! THEY redisabled Bukabantuan after they open it. BukaBantuan is not function only white screen, no chat button available. credits transfer to nomor rekening is very slow !!! took more than an hour to success. much different than Aplikasi sebelah only took minutes to succeed.
Lapak market place terbaik.. safe, easy and friendly to use..
Good online shopping application.
I can't open "gosok THR" and "open seribu" the screen always white blank. BL always update latest version..
Easy to search and buy things here....cool.
very useful application...have many options for payment and easy to use. please selective for pelapak who sell the things form another pelapak..
need some improvement. first, you still need type the amount of your payment, if i forget, i need to go back to see my payment. second, they should offering all my coupon when i buy something, so i can choose which fix of it. but not. so i often forget what kind of coupon that i have. the shop next door already do it.
Not recommended app for shopping because the services are bad. Long time ago I used to use this app because the customer services are the best, but that day is gone. The CS just read my question about the complain and the solution for many problems are so bad..
Simple and informative..
i have 4 G on my mobile data, i could see youtube without buffer, but when i open this app, it says no internet connection? try using the mobile web, it always shows you to open on the app, searching for help on the app and the web, nothing say about it....
Nice & easy to use.
Nice apps for online payments, but too many commercial.
Super laggy app, I've tried everything, clearing cache, updated the app, and there's no problen with my internet connection, but still, I've to wait too long for using this app, I'm done, bye....
Great shopping experience. If the seller didn't process my transaction, I always got my money back..
Sorry Too many pop up, that is annoying.
Reccomended online shop app..
This app has had much improvement since the last time i used it a year ago. But i have a suggestion to combine 2 or more payments on electricity, BPJS, or indihome as a single payment. It would be more easier for every users to pay their claims.
Good application, easy use.
complained that I cant register mobile phone number. CS solution is "please retry periodically" thought maybe she was lazy. so I tried to report again and assigned to a different CS. her solution was "please retry periodically" ???????? is this really how you handle complaints? what a great customer service experience..
I feel it takes more steps than necessary (compared with other marketplace) to transact, but overall, it is good. Also, why isn't there a filter to access products which are for 18+ buyers, e.g. cigarettes, vape? This lack of feature is very worrying and dangerous..
I love this app. Complete store for all you need, Easy to use and save. Buying anything online with no worries. But in my suggestion, it's will be better if the app change the themes on each special days nationally or internationally..
Best marketplace ever!.
Easy to Buy.
It's a good app (for now - not great yet). Just having problems with the filter not "saving" my settings. So I have to keep resetting my 'Filter'..
It would be better if the screen is not rotating to portrait mode when accessing some menu like bukareksa bukaemas etc. It has been common approach to support both portrait and landscape mode.
BL is still seriously troubling and frustrating. The Bukaemas especially is bad. I have tried it and have been unable to sell my gold. I got more than 10 unsuccessful attempts to sell my gold. The CS is not helpful either. They could not help, only "advising" to keep trying. WHAT???? If you got a problem with your app, you should fix it and bear the responsibility, don't just shove it to the customers to deal with it themselves. Put a penalty to yourself so you will take care of things seriously!.
BE CAREFUL WHEN SHOPPING HERE! 1. YOU CANNOT CANCEL TRANSACTION as you will. If you want to cancel a transaction, the seller must approve. 2. The dana PAYMENT SYSTEM is NOT SECURE. It doesnt even ask for your confirmation or pin, as soon as you click make payment, it'll automatically processed. This makes it prone to accidental purchase and moreover you cannot cancel or return. 3. The live help/chat support SYSTEM IS VERY BAD. It automatically exits even when your complaint is not done..
Many issues occured during flash sale(12 12 2018 event) , such as loading/responses too long, server full, the product still have many stock but I can't buy for more than 10 minutes clicking the button..
Making a transaction in this app is really convenience. Buying internet data, game vouchers, and financial instrument is no longer difficult. Bukalapak makes these easier as possible. I also noticed that their customer service is highly responsive..
hesitantly made my account for mrt trial run but the process was very frustrating. made my account with phone number but got error message instead. made my second account with email but once it wants to verify my phone number "this number is associated with other account". what the heck am i suppose to do then?? very poor user interface and fail to deliver even the basics of a good apps..
Always force to close when hit the menu, and so lagging..fix it..!.
good app... For shoping...
Actually the app is good, what I don't like is that I can't change my number. I received the verification email, but when I click on the link, it sent me back to the phone number verification process again..
Good apps! Like it.
Great apps for shopping Online.
i dislike how your way of creating program rules. when canceling the transaction or not done by connection or time out. the promocode cant be use anymore. its not a good system i think..
I always love Bukalapak interface than others. It's very informative but not makes my eyes tired with too much unnecessary information. And, easy to use..
Bukalapak still using Dana despite bad users experiences and reviews. I am done with this app. I UNINSTALL THIS! Glad I uninstall this app not only they use Dana which has huge taxes. Bukalapak also refuses to listen to the customer reviews they only give auto-reply by sending link to google forms and ask users to put review/survey and I doubted that they will read users reviews..
Before this I was loyal to bukalapak, but change my mind and decide to uninstalled because I can't sell anything on my main account. It says there was another same account. Yes it was but I already non activate it via bukabantuan. My main account is farisfebrianto and i deleted rache12 because bad username. Still no solution until now. Worst flaw database design, comparing active account with already nonactivated!!.
Most transaction went smooth, the Quality of the good as per application..
One of my fave place for online shopping. They give free shipping, cashback, and flash sale (almost) everyday. Also, they have some good features on their apps..
So far I Love the investment feature. Your apps teach shopper how to save money. Be the trusted one!.
I can't see my favorites/wishlist items, it just doesn't load to the next page only shows recent favorites so i have to go to their website to check all of my favorites.
My bukalapak account is frozen by the system unilaterally without notice, so it doesn't know that it was done by a user or a third party, and can't be appealed. This is very detrimental to me, because my funds are held in Bukalapak, even though those funds are very important to support my family. The customer service response is very slow, and cannot give a satisfying answer. This obstacle can change many users switch to other e-commerce products.
So far it's great, though the deal is rather decent. Sadly the #maudiputar feature is not working on my phone, it only shows black blank screen..
The apps take my Rp12000. It is not about money, but the way this apps slowly move the money here and there. Thanks for nice experience..
Simple friendly user good.
The promotion program is fake, the connection suddenly down and then the product is sold out. I think this is just the trick to increase the download number!.
Tons of sketchy sellers with unreasonable price. I found several sellers stealing photos of my product (which I watermarked) and reported them. I also send them the link to my listing on other platform and the original picture, however their Anti Fraud team ask me to provide a link to my listing on BL, which I can't because I don't sell on their platform. 👎👎👎.
This app is very bad, when I do the transaction of 'serbu serbu 100 perak' I paid it with dana, and if I not lucky, my balance will back to Dana, I wait it until 3×24 hours, and it still not back from BL, this is tricky, and I'm no longer trust this app again..
Use the app many times to buy things...it is easy to use....
An online shopping app that offers many good things and coupon codes also voucher. Both consumer and sellers are priorities. An update application that truly improve its quality. Amazing work what you doing there guys. Best regards Rin - admin Dex Tune corporation SG..
UX & UI rada nyebelin. Cth pd infinite scroll saat browsing lapak, ngga ada go-to', skip, jump on... Sementara fitur search dull n tdk reliable, banyak barang yg semestinya relevant tp tdk muncul. Tanda 'x' pada search form tidak menghapus cache, shg harus di resubmit lg dgn blank search form. So far imho ttp leading mcomm di INA. Terus di-improve la..
The vouchers were created to attract customers to spend more, but be warned: the vouchers are FAKE and FRAUD. You don't get any credits or cashbacks from it. After your purchase is completed they'll say your purchase is a fraud when they're the epitome of fraud themselves. If you try to contact them, they'll just say "we have the right to cancel any credits/cashbacks. read the terms and conditions.".
Great app for shopping. Easy to use and access! Wish that they can accept international buyers and international credit cards though. Overall, I love this app to purchase Indonesian products!.
Nice app online shop.
Friendly for seller & buyer.
to buy some goods, we need to enter promo/coupon code, and must be on the page of credit card. and somehow, it doesn't work. even the previous version works better..
First impression that's a lot of bugs when I trying to sell my first item , the upload always failed even though I have fast connection , the app said that i should log in eventhough i have..
Useful app to sell your old stuff. Could use a better notification for messages though, rather than spamming your enail with every message that comes in.
Every upload photo product, my photo has been deleted from local files, better using the other platform than this suck one.
Often gives error experiences.
All of my transaction is failed,, first transaction is failed when we make top up emoney via debit online, then now we had the bad experience with your seller (that product is different with the information from seller via chat), then this application can be set with their seller (the item delivery on 25 mar but the item coming on 26 mar), then when the buyer complain..thats very complicated then bye bye my refrigenerator (lost)... i think enough to my experience with this apps.
Quite easy to use..
Be careful to this apps.. the seller said the stuff was sold out and my money was freezed by bukalapak. They said it was for security (?). Several times complaint to the customer service to refund the money in 2 months, they ask private data such as bank account and ID cards but cannot guarantee the refund. after stolen my money nearly Rp.1.5 million, are u trying to steal my private data? The money that u take is not halal. Remember that.
I can't activated item in promoted push, after I click active, it will shows message your request have been process, please wait a minute, but after a few minutes an item still not activated. Please fix this bug.
Love this stuff that made my life more easier..
Very good apps.....
Good apps thank you.
good apps, easy use..
For seller, force close application occurs when opening product detail, on Samsung galaxy S10 plus after android 10 upgrade. Already done all of Bukalapak Support steps suggestion, but nothing result. Sorry, I am in old version now..
One option online shop with plenty stuff.
A good apps. A large variety of products, almost everything is available. Good prices, good discount, and safe shopping. I've been shopping for times and never disappointed..
Overall is great. But still needs improvement on the quality of goods that the seller sold online. Not all them work properly or as we expected. We still have to choose carefully..
This app is getting worse not it steals my money and makes things impossible to get money back and since update I can not buy anymore and the bank accounts are wrong always trouble at ATM and Briva has no transaction number a disaster app stay away....
Order and payment verified very well.
Rules and conditions complex and getting more difficult.
The best mobile e-commerce love the intuitive and clean ui. A lil bit laggy but almost unoticeable. Nice alret and notifiction management. Love it. Keep going bukalapak !.
Verifikasi akun dipersulit, saat hub. cust service tdk sinkron, ganti no. hp aja btuh fto selfie ktp, kk, sama buku tabungan. Sdah minta keringanan kk sy di domisili beda kota n akun bank tanpa buku, eh case di close. 😓 Vrifyi account is too much. When I contact CS is always big disappointment. Changin my vrified phoneNo. need 2 upload a selfie w citizenID, familycard n bankpassbook. I ask 2 tolerate while I away far from my fams, n my passbookless acc, all the sudden they closed the case. 😓.
Just wanna update on my problem from last time (or rather give a context). I was f̶o̶r̶c̶e̶d̶ automatically set as a super seller which when i sell an item, my sale results will be cut for super seller fee. I didn't know this until I have sold an item, then my sales got cut off for the fee. Obvsly I quickly file a report of this. Unfortunately all the answers are just for technical problems, not mine. They also didn't return the cutted fee. Should've asked my consent first..
Very good apps, many benefits, easy transaction and trusted... I love it and used it for many years....
Please make more smooth like your competitor, when first open it become lag, like it cache the files, it repeated all the time when it open the app. And after that become more lag and FORCE CLOSE. Thanks.
saya beli arm drone via virtual account BCA, rekening saya sudah terpotong, tapi status konfirmasi pembelian dan upload bukti pembayaran tidak muncul. Why bukalapak doing like this?? Is it normal?? I don't think so.....
The update application can not be installed at once. So we have to download again and again to be properly installed. Please make the application update in easy way to be download and to be good installed.
Enough trusting this fraud app. I topped up my E-Money and the balance didn't increase. Not once, but twice. Never give a second chance. Just uninstall and pray it don't sustain..
Very bad experience beside the app is less snappy than other competitors, lack of information and fitur like product discussion, seller rating, seller review etc. I have my first purchase to buy mobile phone, before check out, the seller was so active but after the transaction done, they begin to silent until here and there try req support BL team, buat again, since all regulation of Bukalapak ignoring customer right, including to cancel the trx. Beware before using this App.
Favourite app.. Very user friendly.. Use it to make purchases and to pay light/water bills & isi pulsa without having to leave the house..
after update can't open the app properly, say don't have any network and need login first. but my internet is stable and i can open the other apps properly. please recheck te update version.
In my opinion Bukalapak has the best interface design among others Indonesian marketplace. It's neat and easy to understand. I saw other Indonesian ecommerce app has a messy design. smart design with professional research. well done!.
Don't use Bukalapak, it worst. They don't let you to access your account if your phone number is deactivated, even if you can report it they want you to enter your bank account number, if you don't have bank account then you are permanently can't access your account, absolutely terrible business practice. Use Tokopedia instead, Tokopedia is better..
great app, but i wish there is an option to turn off the pop-up or info bar. the app tried so hard to be helpful it ended up become annoying sometimes..
Paling Indonesia Banayak promo Mudah dipakai Zaki n Fajrin are the best.
logout automatically, force us to use Dana, and lack of security payment. I'm dissapointed. But at least, I will not install this application again..
This apps is really beneficial for me due to a lot of things O bought from this apps. The promo and voucher are huge. You can save money by using this app..
new version frequently crash, unable to view item, thus unable to buy anything, please fix it ASAP or you will lose buyer..
Last update is not efficient for seller, which is cannot see how many people seeing our item. How come seller GUI is same as buyer dashboard. Its ridiculous, Put your seller GUI as same as buyer Update : Reduce one more star because your Seller GUI is not improving..
sangat memuaskan untuk pembelian sangat mudah dan easy. tampilan visual good sangat senang menggunakan bukalapak im so happy to used it. thank you.
This apps was great, but after iam update it in 5 April 2020, this app is looping over and over again in my devices, please fix this..
this app realy helpful, but they got too much makelar😅.
Good app! Many promos and easy to use.
Shopping experience is good, there are many payment method. I used to pay bills with this app also. Thanks and keep maintaining it..
When I pay through cc..., sometimes without the authorization code sent by the bank, the payment still able to continue and success. So..., I don't feel secure and comfortable cause of it....
This app really helpful me for buying many things..
Very Slow respon,,slow answer,,very slow solution,, Probably doesn't have CS Only answer by auto answer machine Have to try so many times to get attention Poor Application Not recommended att all.
Make easy business.
the loading became slower and even slower after updating to the latest version. i uninstalled it. a shame..
I am really disappointed with CS of Bukalapak. Last week, my bukadompet was frozen because of indication that the seller was a fraud. That was fine, but after that I am having a hard time because my bukadompet was never unlocked (I have large amount of money stored due to the failed transaction). I filed many complains through the livechat but they only forwarded my message to the anti fraud cs team who supposed to be the one responsible. there was NEVER any direct response from them..
More good stuff inside..
A couple days ago I tried to find this apps for updating mine. Culdn't find any. All the sudden, today it is there, with such a very promising rating. That's good as long as a result of fair review, not an outcome of satanic bot..
Can't use promo code zzzz. Now when I try kirimjt and pakaijne they say "Promo tidak bisa digunakan lapak ini" and "Kuota promo sudah habis". What's up with that? I mean is just not that code that I can't use, it's every code in bukalapak I can't use it lmao..
The app constantly force close after updated to the latest version ....
Fungsional & helpful.
very good user interface, easy to use, and many kind of transaction can be used here.
Too many bugs. I can't verified my phone number because it said that the otentification code is invalid. Though, it's the exact code sent to my phone..
BL has a program potentially inflicted fund loss as the program or even the BL could not differentiate between Seller and Buyer. BL failed to understand that, BL apps user can be both Seller and Buyer. So, BL could not present a program that differentiates them, especially if it will impacted on fund loss. And, CS did not help anything to resolve this problem..
a good and trusted online shopping place.
It should be much better & deserves 5 stars if the package trackings also to be made available & viewable for GRAB Express & GoSend users. Hope it will be on next version update.
Super Useful, has almost everything(almost, it still lack some official items like the ones that are available on ther apps) but overal id give it a 10/11.
Great online shopping app for buyer, it has a lot of features in there. You can buy and pay anything you want for easier life. Good job and keep working Bukalapak. Keep upgrading!.
Unable to change phone number to a new one when the number has been inactive..
You really should improve the "Search" function, and do something about sellers with clone accounts selling the same items with multiple prices..
Wonderful interface and features! Unfortunately, some features and screens took a long time to be loaded properly..
There's problem during otentification process, i was put 5times code otentification via SMS to my number, but always said wrong number evem already put with correct code, please help and solved!.
nice application...easy to used. more attractive UI many promo and voucher. i can find anything i need in here. thank you very much this Application very helpful for me. keep innovative and God bless you....Aameen..
My favorite app for online shopping. A lot of great deals and also helps small entrepreneurs expand their otherwise limited market exposure.
Perfect app to shop all you want. The purchase and payment process is very easy. The items for bicycle parts are full and complete, very suitable for cyclist like me..
Uploading product pictures was so difficult like crazy!! Only shows failed message without any suggestion to make it easier.. Better use another apps..
User friendly n well managed features..
Good app for online shopping in Indonesia, have a wide range of products, lots of discounts, hopefully there'll be shipping options to us, uk, eu, au later, and some deals on property like rent or kost will be nice too, Semangat Bukalapak!.
Best Online Shop App! UI Is Easy To Understand But Some Part Could Still Be Simplified, Recommendations Are Spot On! Overall Its Good! Suggestions : Maybe You Guys Could Add A Dark Theme, So Us Who Browse At Midnight Still Feel Comfortable Enough To The Eye :D Thx..
This app make our shopping activities get more easier and faster. It's also have many wonderful seller...
More to use this online shoping app rather than others that many in play store, user friendly and easy to understand all the option. And easily get bonus and free delivery fees!!!.
Good aplication, very helpfull to buy something that peoples needed.
Good online shoping apps, but I dont like the rating system, where I prefer the rating system to use scoring systen (scale 1 to 5 or to 10).
Very usefull and secured apps. We fell helped with this apps..
Good and safe shopping, you can check the items before agree to release the payment..
i got crash, i can't click receive item which i bought in there,.
simple interface , great transaction experience , but if you had trouble with seller , the refund transaction is so redundant , and full of hustle .. but still the app is great for marketplace.
Best rated marketplace👍.
Easy using, great app!.
Good stuffs, quick response 👍.
Latest updates (4.33.4) has a bug. After my Bukalapak apps getting updated.. Then several times come up a popup message "android acore process has stop" And lost phone contacts..
All the feature of this app are good and useful, no complaint at all at this moment. Please add rating options for the 3rd party involved such as rating for your partner in shipping matters..
Very well-organised app in accordance to the order of our sales. Easy to set the discounts. Recommended.
Full of spamming notification, too heavy to load the content on slow connection, and full of bug when setting a location..
i want to close my account but the process is very difficult. i even sent complain to the help center that i want to close my account. 48 hours and no reply at all... what a great app. i do not want my personal info in your app. i hope you will never spread my personal info..
always failed to login. once it's been succeed, couldn't input the address. please fix.
There are lots of option with good product and price. The app also easily to access and fast respond. Thanks.. Keep up the good work 👍👍😊.
The promotion program is fake,the product is sold out.i think this is just the trick to increase the download number!!.
Every add new address this app always need verification cell phone number . this is not effective. and the customer service not help much..
The apps are just perfect!! It helps people to buy their stuff in the matter of minutes/seconds.
great app, easy to use. really helpfull when i want to buy something online..
Very usefully and once of the best online marketing..
The notification of chat is realy late, i receive chat from my buyer about 2 hours later since that chat was send, plz fix this bug, it can be fatal if my buyer was disappointed to me *_.
It asked me to update but there was notification failed to install. So i uninstall it to fix the issue but i get more problem. I can not istall the application. Help...please. My android system is updated.
So far, is good, just a lot spamming, and it has to be strong connection, if low connections, just loading, maybe a bug, but I have update the app already..
Running in android 6, the update apps run slower then previous version, then it can't delete favorite item. Love the old version..
In general the app is good but sometimes it got weird when it comes to the opening time of flash sale. BL should do something about it..
After last update, it become unstable...the pict of many kind of stuff didnt show up, it happen on my message to, blank picture. Please fix.
The app is good. But I wish it's available in English. Have installed and deleted several times not being able to understand the language..
this app actually is good. but, too much fictive seller. be carefully !!.
very helpful in searching, payment and in returning money when transaction is canceled..
Make sure you use the nego function to get lower price. If I compare the price with the other e commerce, BL has the highest among the other which annoys me a bit.. But overall this is great apps.
BL vs TKP 1. Less number of shops. 2. Prices are generally higher than those offered in TKP. The Nego feature in BL doesn't really help since it only marginally reduces the already risen prices. 3. Less number of interesting vouchers. With TKP, I have saved lots of money. 4. No 3-party dispute moderation like that given by TKP. 5. No pre-order facility like that found in TKP. 6. Bad business model where buyers must pay monthly subscription fee to be priority buyers. TKP never asked me for money..
worst marketplace apps, very slow and mostly error the whole day. I have incoming order but I can't open and process it because it doesn't appear in apps and have some message from buyer but can't reply because not appear in apps 👎👎.
Worst marketplace ever. I can't login yet the app can't even diagnose what happened, it just "coba lagi" without any error notice. Better change your app's name into TutupLapak..
Good app.. usefull.
Longer waiting time for each clicks, compared to the green "neighbour"'s app. But i'd prefer BL's tracking UX. Simple and understandable..
Good app to find and buy the goods which are you wanted to find, easy to use, quick process.
Not recommended, at the slow connection the app always freezing. I try to update, but still happen,.
Im using bukalapak because they give cashback, but now, the cashback have 1 week expired date. They force us to shop, or we lose our cashback. Tokopedia, shopee and the others dont force customer like this. In the other marketplace, we can save our cashback for anytime we want to use. 1 star for you, bukalapak..
Really helpfull, tx bukalapak, give solution for every transaction 🙏🙏 especially credit for electric payment..
Always receive information for spinning wheel, but it doesn't work at all...wear.
UI to heavy and not compatible for old OS ... Some feature can't run normally just blank screen or not respond .... ^_^ ... Worsted.
So many spam promotion from the company itself, ui is very confusing. Most of the promotion is a gimmick and useless 99% marketing..
So far bukalapak has the smoothest IU compared to another marketplace. Please dont change . Even if you guys wanna update it, dont make it like so merry so it can run slow and lag on the phone. Keep the good as good, and Change the less for the better.
Cimb clicks always error? 😓 Done...after clear cache and app data in android system Just want to suggest, free shipment is a must in current and future. If don't, a lot of user would re-thinking again their choice to use this market place. Thanks.
Good but sometimes an not reach the server. it was when I give 4 stars but after several trys, I can not wait any longer that this apps is a 5 *.
Great Improvements over the years. User interface is really easy to use..
easy to use for online shipping at Indonesia..please maintain your server..terlalu lama loadingnya.
The best online shop in Indonesia.
Easy to use. And more important is secure payment...
I got many bugs in application and website. The interface is not userfriendly for newbe..
Amazing app, easy to use. best performance and top one online shop..
Very usefull apps, but still have room for improvement. Layout and other payment services..
A very good online shopping app, I'm having a great time Shopping and Seling in Bukalapak, and in case there is trouble ,the Admin in Bukalapak are very kind and responsive, will help you at any time !.
Lastest version too many bugs... you really need to fix it soon !!! Very disappointed..
To me, BukaLapak is the best market place application. Here are so many advantages I can get; the cheaper, the best and the most complete goods are sold here. Thank you, BukaLapak..
One of the best application around, competitive, and worth awhile. Keep a good work as always..
This apps help me a lot to have what I need, easy to search and many option of payment. Thanks bukalapak..
Need app for online shopping.
Very convenient. You find and buy almost everything!.
Good apps for shopping.
Easy to use but still have a bit of difficulties in giving note for several items from same shop.
easy usefully app.
after the last update, app always crashed when opened either chat, transaction, favourite...
Very good marketplace, full of useful features, easy to use, simply. A must-have app for shopping online.
It's one of the best and most complete app for your online transactions, not only just for shopping, but also for investment..
Not recommended. CS is really annoying and not responsive, very bad experience..
Bukalapak used to be my most fave app for online shopping, but they start to fool the clients by pretend to offer grab free delivery service with minimum purchase of Rp. 75K, the clients can get deduction of grab delivery fee (max Rp. 15K) by entering ADAGRAB code, valid daily at 8 am until the quota finished. I made a transaction exactly at 8 am & typed the above promo code. Surprisingly the quota has finished, What a joke. Also they charged the service fees. Not recommended..
This apps much more intuitive then other apps. Especially with a new UI but i dont know why it came back to the old UI.
After recent updates the app now much slower than previous version. oftenly fail to load the picture..
Great app, fast, so much promotion to choose, really easy to use.
The most enjoyable shopping app that focuses on user experience. I like to shop here..
simple, easy for shopping, more varieties of needs , and competitive price...
Please, REDUCE THE INSTALLED APP SIZE ! When we/users see this app on playstore, the app size ±40MB, but when the app is installed - the size become 109MB. The app is already good anyway, but please reduce the installed app size. It will be more comfortable (to device storage) and users experience..
Goods apps for shopping..have a nice shopping...
Good optional,Simple and Easy for Transaction.
Responsif & helpfull team...
Never had a problem before.....
Hi.. I'm from Malaysia...I cannot login to bukalapak...i've tried several times but still failed...is bukalapak just open for Indonesian only or open for others... Thanks.
Its a good experience using Bukalapak App... I hope you can improve more things... I just kinda dislike how you can't skip the tutorial tho... Hope you can do something with that?.
as an avid online shopper, i have nothing but praises to this app, it enables me to find everything i want with the lowest prices and provides many tools of payment.
any equipment very difficult to find in other shop is easy to find it here. easy to order and fast response. for 5 years already i already subscribe in buka lapak and never make me disappointed..
Smooth transaction but as a seller I face problem and trying to find the call centre number or the live chat. It's not available..
really love this e-commerce app, easy to use, its simpler, no pop-up confusing notification, and fasy respond.
very usefull apps, easy to use, payment for most bills with many ways; ex: credit, dana, atm and more.
Super slow server , even when my internet connection is stable..
This is a good app, but feel a little bit slower than the green one, dunno why the UI factor maybe.
Always check prices with this app from others online shop, you'll be amazed, sometimes same product you'll find it cheaper here..
The best e-commerce that has nice graphical ui easy to operate and understand, whats more its safer in my opinion....
Good experience, user friendly and in case you have a problem, easy to complain and solved the problem.
I like this e-commerce app so far. Fast and easy to find what I need. I have no complain for now. Great job!.
Nice application 👍, very Simple when you need pay bill just choose, if you need anything they have, extraordinary.
Very like it ,safety shop online,with costumer full protect.
Services and products are great but fixing an account that cannot login? An absolute disappointment..
The app can't load , everything just loading. I can't even search or check my favorites.
New updated version show unauthorized info all the time even the account valid. Earlier version much better.
Bad application.. don't use e-wallet for transaction before your money was losing.
App is ok. Sometimes has bug, page won't load. I cancelled a purchase because seller asked me to transfer more money to his bank account. After cancellation, it took Bukalapak one month to return my money, and the seller is still selling to this day. Buyers beware..
Good app, easy, light, and good user interface...
User friendly, really helpful. But sometimes become too slow..
Be careful!! When you shopping flash deal using DANA and transfer payment, if you have cancellation only got refund from transfer only and losing for dana payment..
After my phone samsung S10 update to android 10, application always crash, not responding and hanging. Can you solve this issue?.
very user-friendly and well designed without any network issue whatsoever.
I used "Bukalapak" quite a long time, an I still satisfied till NOW. Great Works!.
Very useful online service for buyers and sellers and it's safe to do the transaction all the time. Thanks.
you can find what you are looking for at a good price, just take your time shopping/searching. smooth transaction and detailed information regarding the where abouts of your purchased product(s)....
Does what marketplace apps do. Please simplified the user interface and catalog. It seems confusing. And they always ask to update the app all the time!.
Useful apk for daily and occasional needs. Like it, good supports..
so far this apps was great, but so many saler who recommended from apps but the service and the item quality was very bad, so keep up the good work.
bukalapak is very useful for making payment transactions very fast, easy! shopping is safe and easy, lots of discounts and highly recommended shopping here..
I've been using this app for 3 years, found zero problem so far. Overall this is tier one marketplace app in Indonesia, very recommended.
This App Bukalapak is easy to use and very helpfull, Almost All of goods and items can be found in this Apps, Very Helpful, Thanks Bukalapak..
I use this app all the time for online buying,never had a problem up until now..would recommended it to all.
This is the most bad online application ever we cant even take our money back, they said my conection is bad but my connection is good. So dont ever download this application..
Frequently use this app for online shopping. Read properly the sellers T&C and testimony from their previous buyers :).
Quick loading, fast & precise search feature. Great for both buyer & seller..
so far, bukalapak was and still very helpfull. it will be better if there is something like "live chat" for some specific matter. good job,,.
I like this apps, but bukalapak must tell to seller to always update their lapak, and put all ready things - take down all which already sold out (some did), so the customer shouldn't always ask "if it's still available" ... kinda boring for the qs and wait the answer !.
App is good many stuff to buy but sadly no option for overseas buyer to buy.. Please fix it.
Bad customer service, very slow respond, when transaction has problem don't hope admin will be handling the problem proffesionally in timely manner. Slow server..
Have been tried a lot of times (5), but after long times instaling progress, the notification said: cant instal. What can i do?.
I'm happy surfing to find the product that I looking for. Super easy and precise..
This apps is one of some apps i often used. They provide free shipping & the value is affordable. The apps is easy to use & not crowded unlike the other online shop usually. Really recommended 👍.
This is place where you find good stuff with afordable price and really worth. Dont spend your money too much on another apps, should try this one !.
great app. but will be much better if the account balanced is united between dana, credits, and actual cash, currently it is rather confusing.
I love bukalapak so much! We can choose Akulaku as the payment method. Really helpful..
Easy and seamless transaction to find and purchase needed goods. Helpful during busy time. Thanks.
very easy to use and we can tracking all transaction every time.
Why couldn't I install this app in my phone? Previously I could not update the app then I uninstall it afterward I try to install it again but until now I still fail to install it..
Nice experience to bought some part of my bike..
cannot add another address,, already emailed the problem to CS but the response not solve the problem. it's too complicated to the sistem in bukalapak. how can I deactivated my account?.
Good app, easy to use, worth it, thank you bukalapak👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻.
It's really good, fast response (for the app) and mostly reccomended seller on Buka Lapak.. love it.
Easy to use and has many payment options. I used it many times.
The credit which normally lasts for 180 days, now is only 6 days 😓.
good apps...but it's still just my number 2 fav. seems like price is higher than the similar apps..
This is a good online shopping apps with good features, easy to use and so secure enough..
A very good app to both buying and selling things! Got my respect for the vision you have, improving micro business (UKM) in Indonesia..
Verification code doesn't work properly! Can't even enter my account (instead updating it) Pls fix this bug!.
Great, useful, user friendly interface, hopefully for lot of promotion program from Bukalapak.
It's helpful for some situations, because there are so many discounts or vouchers in any purchase. Thanks Bukalapak.
This app keeps updated, enables buyer to get connected to the seller, and enables things delivered quickly..
i've using this app for 7 years, it is very helpfull to me and i never found any bug or something like that, good job BL, really appreciate it.
It's not always the cheapest but surely it will make your life easier. If you live in Indonesia, this is one of the most recommended app to install firstly..
Easy to use , more choice to shopp.
There were so many improvements in the past 1 year. Bukalapak has just being my partner on almost each activity I do. Thank you..
Great apps. Really helping me to sells my product and easy to use to shop..
maintenance again and again.. they show up all the time.. not reliable...
just uninstall this aplication.. why? coz when i joined SERBU SERU n didn't get it or they call "meleset", my balance in Dana should be back but it wasn't back and i've been complain till 3 times..
I'm using android 6.0.1 . The app alwasy hang when i try to open a buying transaction history..now. it still app closed.
the server is always down, pictures fail to load, this's not comfortable apps anymore.
Absolutely good services, secure and fast. Take my money!.
It is almost unusable because of all the pop-ups. So annoying..
Force Close at Android 10. Already give the feedback & send log, but no response whatsoever from dev..
One of the most user friendly eCommerce. Many features in compact package..
good application, easy to find items and monitored in each execution process.
Good and useful app.
User friendly interface, very easy to do transaction, both for buy and sell!!.
Easy to find transaction records..
It was really hard to contact the seller, all the chat response was template, the items posted were all fake or already sold out but still written ready stock. There is no seller curation. Really hard to refund, must need seller confirmation where the seller itself is not active at all, in the end I must wait for almost 1 week to finish my refund, really annoying. The customer service also doesn't help at all, only answer using templated answers and doing nothing. Really bad apps. Uninstalled :).
Very usefull. I can find anything I want, new or second hand. 👍👍.
Very simple, easy to use and commensurate, highly recommend once a friend !!! I like this....
i like how clean the UI is, but i'd like it better if it could give feedback when i have successfully copied something. thank you.
It's the most simpliest e-commerse apps I've ever try. No lag, no over ads. Simple.
can not log in - wasting time in verification . . endless process,.
Good application, but not the seller. They sucks. I ordered 7 things but they only send 1 and I have to speaks to customer services a lot to ask my money back, the seller was not responsive. It's annoying and I will not buy anything from this marketplace anymore.
good deals in every transactions..And the performance of application are very gppd and simple.
Should remove buka reksa feature if you are not ready yet to have! Not receive money after buka reksa disbursment after more than 7 days of policy. Over 7 days decide to complain to customer support but nothing changed. Worst customer support ever! Seems like bot who are the one replying customer issues..
login udh bener email & password muncul error salah. udh dganti password pun tetep muncul error yg sama. fyi, saya reset password via link dr email. aplikasi cacat.
this application is very use full and work in my old samsung J5 as well.
The improvement of the app is outstanding with wider coverage of services provided. Love it!.
item sold out, but still in favorite section. instead of saying it sold out. it logged me out of apps. please fix.
It's completely, recommended and friendly.... and easy to use.
Very nice.. useful apps.
Can't pay via debit/credit card...always shows 'kendala teknis'....this happen since early this year...before this i have no problem paying via my credit or debit card...please help....
Good app for buyer and seller. fast respons and always given customers continous information for the goods from store to delivery shop and till end customers..
Love to shopping from this application, it's really work well, the customer service are really helpful for any complaints n refund..
Great app for everone who trading erything.
just excellent application. very helpfull and secure to find something we need in easy way..
The app is great, i have problem with so many unprofesional seller on this app and the cargo cost to expensive.
issue with # Render the program# is slow , may be u have create # Bukalapak Lite# like facebook lite.. it can be access with slow bandwidth.
this progam is so bad, its hard to put your product to sell it, the progam is not stable enough.
Awesome online shop app, easy to use, easy payment type, just love to use.
Great app, multiple choise of product, fast service respon..
Too much trouble. Error in confirm payment and not good Accuracy in GPS.
Always on maintenance, I can't even add my intended items to the cart..
Easy to use, my favorite app.
Good shoping app. . . . newest update even faster to load on my phone. . . . cancelation opt. also awesome. . . Bukalapak return my fund to my credit card limit in less than a day. . . for that I'll give 2 thumbs for this app. ..
I can't login in my cellphone. The verification number never allow me to log into my own account.
its the WORST apps ever for marketplace! very NOT userfriendly, slow response and idiot ceo! i love toped for marketplace, they have good uset friendly apps with many promotion, together with ovo. down with #tutuplapakkelaut.
This application help me to get things easily, more and more cheaper, and trusted..
Doesn't work. Can't even register my HP number. Rubbish apps..
better than green counterpart, lots of voucher that I use it often unlike the green apps. love it..
Nice app. Anything you want available in here. Modern, with multi payment choices..
Easy interface and never disappoint. keep up the good work..
The aplication is very helpfull. I can buy everything from Bukalapak. I love Bukalapak. I can't live without it. Prices in here is more cheaper than the stores..
Very good application and very helpfull. Keep moving forward bukalapak.
Easy to use..good apps.
Great apps, buyer can choose payment method with easier. Simply, easy and eye catchy apps..
Pls fix bugs immediately. Once checking delivery process, application was force closed..
Online shop application for all.
Easy to use, user friendly, as a buyer or as a seller, both handy.
Why i cant login with this new version, please fix this!.
Always gettin stucked. I don't know where is the problems but if i open this app on my other phone is fine, but in this phone this app so suck.
Great apps to buy or sell things. But should improve on their gift voucher program.
Bad Server, Stuff not detect in chat, Bad chat feature..
playing online gaming always low ping, watching youtube no buffering, but why when open bukalapak always "no internet connection" ???.
nice interface. user friendly. lot of promo. lot of payment method. free shipping. nice filter. secure. good job bukalapak dev.
what is wrong with the latest update??? cannot even work at all. please fix it..
Good app but some of the miscellaneous like Kode Jutaan and Potongan Kalap just showing blank page, please fix. Thank you.
the most practical and user friendly online shopping app in indonesia. Other online shopping apps quite handfuls to use, complicated.
Kalau dapat pelapak nggak beres mau komplain dan refund susahnya minta ampun. Pelapak yang becus tetep ada tapi aplikasi ini ga bakal saya rekomendasikan untuk pihak pembeli karena perusahaannya terlalu berpihak pada penjual. When you get awful seller, they make it REALLY hard and complicated for buyers like me to complain and get refund etc. There ARE good sellers here but I really don't recommend this app for online shoppers since the company is way too much on the sellers side..
Really enjoy for shopping. With Minimum Purchase IDR 20K, You can enjoy Free delivery. so many voucher cashback, discount and etc.
Selamat Tinggal Buka Lapak!!! Last transaction with u after almost 3 years i use this application!!! Pelapak kalian semakin payah baik pelayanan maupun barang yg dijual!!! Autouninstall!!!.
Not Responding Semenjak update Setiap buka search page selalu freez. Di biarkan beberapa menit force close not responding error. Clear cache, clear data, uninstall dan install ulang, restart device belum solve.
easy to use and filter, straightforward and easy payment.
Overall good. But sometimes the pages can't be loaded.
this apps is good...but still some point need to be improved such as virtual payment.
Im always have problem connection, but when i try in another app, its Fine, i dont know why please fix this.
The admin is really helpful, my problems solved instantly without many formalities...
It is such a great marketplace app. It allow listing to be very simple and understandable l.
Good Online shopping app.. I always use it to pay my electric bill and recharge my cellphone credit.. it's easier.
easy and familiar to use Opportunity for improvement : font size can be adjust please.
Awesome, in some parts need more improvements, but overall, great!!!.
very useful and give more easiest way to buy and purchase almost anything I want.
nice apps for market place in Indonesia. you can used their promo to get discount or cashback for every transaction even the promotion code is limited you still can used it in the morning to got the slot. thanks...
Good Apps for shopping.
nice application. please maintain security of transaction process and privacy data of buyer. thanks..
I am always satisfied with this app. I hope u can keep ur service and quality. It's very useful app as the guidanxe to find and shop some qualified goods..
This is a good online shopping market.
The things is according to description, response fast and packaging is neat and safety.
I used to use BL years ago, then it lost me to tokped. Now i am back with a new account and love all the improvements so much!!!.
Automatically add u as super seller then steal ur money. The only way to solve this issue is that u need the seller permission first whether they want to join the program or not. Not by putting them all in the program without any permission then deduct their selling. Nonsense. Its just finer way to steal their money 👎👎👎.
An excellent app good for buyer as well as seller, essay to use and very useful, great app, I would.like to say many thanks to founder.
Favourite apps for shopping 👍👍👍.
Easy to use! Make a good online shopping experience.
The promotional program is good, but the app interfaces might be user friendlier.
easy to use. support many channels of payment. hope gopay will be supported soon..
Fastest Way To Find items that you cant find in dept. store.
nice app, we can find everyhing that we needed here with the best offer and options..
Very valuable marketplace app, easy to use, complete features and function.
i love this app,, its so usefull,, we can shop and still doing our work with eficiency in time..,,.
nice application, easy to use, a lot of products.
Keep up the excellent applications and services. Boost up all the capabilities to be number ONE...!.
It's really an amazing aplication for easy shopping !!!.
Simple to use, detail payment/process/ shipment tracking..
User friendly interface & very easy to use. But i dont know why when im try became seller for seller page to slow.
very easy to use and quick response after payment...same as many online store apps outhere, too many hopeless dropshippers who using same product pics.
I'm not trying to make a fly on it, but it's such a worth and useful application for those who try to get daily stuffs and needs.
One of the best online marketplace platform in Indonesia. Easy to use, and has friendly user interface..
i can't register my handphone number or email, it has some problem issue, please fix it 👎.
always bug and too difficult for change the number of verify 😤 I don't want to use anymore.
Not recommended e-commerce app. Too many fake cashback events, fraud sellers, the UI hard to understand.
great app for online shopping, it's make easy to buy something and i feel safe shopping online..
Cannot update this application.... Try to uninstall and reinstall again but its not go through when the application try to installing on my phone.
Exceptional shopping experience.. Practical and easy..love the bonuses and vouchers.
The app kinda laggy for me, but all function works just fine. Gonna give ya'll five stars..
need improvement because latest updates make this apk being LAG, even after i cleaned my cache and cookies...
One of the best online shopping.
Very usefull market place, easy and intuitive user interface.
Superb. Really did a good job making this platform!.
Good apps, for next update please ensure to make multiple purchases can be paid by cc installment.
Interface is user friendly, many promos to use, great application :).
1. The best fair price 2. Complete goods collection 3. Good customer service 4. Good application 5. Good promotion.
Really bad experiences I do. Not recommended for online shopping. Please fix your app cuz it is very lagging while opened and make us feel comfortable with you.
Good and safe marketplace... but will be nicer if there is cashback with no time limit.....
One of the best Market Place... User Friendly interface & easy to use platform indeed....
a useful app...one of my online shop alternative to find any product that I need.
Excelent.....all problem havebeen fixs.....it's back to normal again Thanks teams....and crews.....
I like this app because more goods have packing is best and very useful.
Easy for shopping, quality, Price, and service is very good.
Good platform, but slow app and very irresponsive at times..
good and reliable.
Great experience in finding items we need online.
Communicative , fast response and safe !! Good Work.....
Nice online shop apps, complete features, reliable payment method..
I use it all the time... it safe, good stuffs and user friendly!.
The number one market place!! Easy to use. The prize of pruduct is inexpensive. Moreover in general, until now, i haven't found a problem. Happy shoping..🙌.
Cool app and one of good Indonesian e-commerces. Proud and love to have transactions with you !.
All-in-one apps, great promo, fast response from customer service..
Always have a good deal, end feel safe to make every transaction..
This is great application for online shopping.. so many rewards that beneficial.
Nice apps, helpful information, friendly service and price..
Program updates "is like" changing clothes, too often..
Always error, please maintenance this app for chat and transaction process. But overall, nice app.
Can't Open App, App Auto Closed..try to uninstal and Instal again...its still cant Open....
Good application, easy to buy, easy transaction and cheap, good work Bukalapak.
Aplikasi bagus, terpercaya, simpel, easy to use but elegant. Good Job, BukaLapak.
Easy search. Easy Pay. Easy to use. Easy to Shopping.
the update is very bad, more heavy, bukalapak must make more compact and lite. thanks..
Saves time and has a lot of good products to buy.
Moto G, Lollipop failed update to new version. Uninstalled it but failed to reinstalled. Pls fix..
Nice app,, for shophing online, Fast respon if you have problem with your order.Recomended App..
Easy to be used. Payment is quick. Customer service is quick to respond when I complained..
i had a problem when the seller sent me a wrong item, BukaLapak's feature help me solve the problem, when the seller was unresponsive, BukaLapak had my money back. Trusted and convenient..
Nice and save shooping store.
Very helpful app...I can find most of the things i need. Many discount also.
Excellent .. Easy To Access and Make Transactions !.
Very useful. No tricky seller allowed by its system..
Nice user interface, and good deals to shop by negotiating feature.
Good app and easy to use it. More interested with coupon and discount code.
Trying so many time always stuck in payment using visa credit card. Please fix it...
usefull application support every person (buyer and seller) in secure transaction..
very nice app, lots of promos, and works just fine..
Love the app, I believe it is the only app that offer transfer payment by sharia bank and for that I am thankful :).
For housewives who are a little difficult to get out of the house, it is very helpful with online shopping like this, plus the availability of discount and discounted voucher pieces. Thank you Bukalapak, for providing convenience.
Good however the chat/ messaging module is a bit short.
great app for online shop, trusted and easy to use but need more improvement.
Very excellent ..., more feature, promo, voucher and seller etc..
I love it! Bukalapak is my favorite shopping application. Gak akan nyesel deh. 👍.
Very good, just little bit lag sometimes when server maintenance.
Great application, secure and easy to use..
good application for buying and selling you, easy and not complicated.
Satisfied and practical.
somehow, app really heavy and not responding even crashed suddenly..
Kategori nd jenis layanannya buaanyakk. Pengalaman bertransaksi oke bgt. Good job nd keep improve ya guys..
Nice app. Really helpful.
Good online shop application. You don't have to worry to be cheated by the shop since they will not forward your money without your approval / the package received..
so easy and simple not like the others. Good job.....
easy to use, easy to pay, easy to say good Apps!!.
Easy to use, Great search engine, Responsive customer care.
The application is very good and easy to use and very safe. I enjoy purchase or selling via Bukalapak👍.
use bukalapak almost 3 years,,, many benefit and convinience from this apps,,, its really user friendly and safe,,,.
almost flawless except for the customer feedback censorship. customer's feedback is v important in buying decision, bet smartypants in BL know this too. So when i gave 5 stars for item i purchased--yet i provide photo and input re the wrapping papers as it got ripped off during the shipping i believe--and the feedback got censored, we know we cant trust what we read on this app..
Not really used this apps since a while ago. Sometimes you only need to stick to the most used apps. Toko Sebelah..
suddenly got emails. seems unsubscribing doesn't work. so annoying.
Recomended shopping aplication, user friendly , more coupons and diskon.
Nice app for searching tools and bicycle part.
Best app for online shopping, safe and effective for every transaction..
Create more promo product, flash deal, serbu and other event, but in my opinion cashback is more useful.
Getting very bad experience on the last transaction. Please be careful using this apps to transact..
This app very helpfull..just open this app i have got what iam looking for. Easy for use and a lot discount...
Easy to operate, users' friendly, and less of error.
Overalls -not bad. Need more colourful appearance n more catchy icons.
beware of your wallet (dompet BL), they will hold your money by freezing this wallet... complain not responded for long time.. this app conducts unfair business.. even 1 star they dont deserve. they will respond "hey please fill in the complain form"... but useless... they will do nothing and keep holding your fund... shame on you.
An alternative best online shopping, Good respond and mostly fast delivery, Bravo..
It's very helpful and convenient to use this app with friendly user interface.
User friendly, menu searching tepat.
good application, very useful, simple to use..
Good app olshop...
I wish I can give you 5-star rating because of your amazing selection of services, but your "bukabantuan" customer service was so slow to load and confusing to use. Instead of complain form, you should use "chatting" as your main way to deal with complain..
Good application and helpful for a good thing and shopping..
Good apps. thankyou very much..
bad, slow servers. doesnt load things as fast as their competitor does..
aplikasinya simple n user friendly. cara top up n transaksinya jg ga ribet. reccomended.
bukalapak is the best !! i found almost everything to buy on BukaLapak 👍👍.
menu lengkap ... informatif , easy to use (friendly) user. tks.
Registered the app as a new user but unable to login. It kept prompts me "terjadi masalah dalam login".
Great apps , always buy here a lot of recommended seller.
Maybe it's would be better if purchase history can be deleted. Thanks..
easy use.but give more quality application and fix the bug for better.
I Love This App Because Through It I Will Be Able To Buy Anything That I Want With Competitive Price. Hopefully I Will Get Discount And Free Of Delivery..
Great application for looking everything. Keep fighting and struggling.
Good place to find your needs, apps runs smoothly without any errors.
Older app needs to update, but when download finished it can't installing.
best online shopping, usefull app. all items can be found at this app and many discount too..
This application its good, too many benefits buy something and payment everything.. Thx BL.
easy use and provides a lot of shoping features.
Great Apps, very useful in helping my day to day activity and needs.
Nice app. Easy to use, simple interface.. Love it.
Sering ngelag, trus hang minta di close di hp saya asus memory 4gb, Meski ditunggu tetep aja hang. This Not responding message very annoying, and frustating, like those promotions but hard trying to use it..
the easiest and user-friendly e-commerce app ever! luv it 💙.
this app is work too slowly. even sometimes cant be open. annoying.
please fix the otentication method, i try 5 times and not receive message yet..
Great, many features in one app.
All Good.. But When We Want To Pay With Bank Virtual Account Sometimes Still Error and So We Pay With Normal Transfer Bank.Please Resolve That Issued, Thanks.
i think this is the best marketplace app in Indonesia,, very interesting content and helpful for me and all of online shoppers :).
Cool app. with lots of sales....almost 100% price-cut.
Have been doing a lot of transactions with ease. I suggest the management have better control to narrow the price gaps with any available reference of market price guidelines to protect and assist consumers in making decision. Is a good business when consumers pay a good item with a good price. Good does not always mean cheap though..
All my transaction is good... The stuff, the price, delivery time all is good. Anything you need can find it here..
Disclaimer: I work here as an engineer. Pros: - Can purchase game wallet for Steam and Google play. As an avid gamer, this is quite useful - Can own reksadana investment. I love Sharia based investment. Bukalapak really simplify how I do my savings every month in the form of reksadana investment - Great customer service. See disclaimer - Love their BukaMall feature Cons: - Somewhat large app size. As it currently stand, Bukalapak use about 500mb on my phone..
top rated on-line portal apps, safe transaction, responsive seller, amanah, goods received all in well at a timely manner.
Good apps keep improving.
Platform jubel online favorit ku.
new update is so slow, and on "pulsa prabayar" menu is not user friendly.
Works better than most online shopping apps, because I have a low end phone...
It's good ..pretty helpfull for us to shop anytime we dont have enough time..
user friendly app, for selling and buying many items..
2 star .... after update this app crash... cant open it... force close....
Need more optimization for low-end phone with 1gb of RAM..
Laggy application... 👎 And Log in page has an issue, stuck. Lemot.... Pliis bagusin dulu sampe bintang 5 Trimakasih.
Great app for marketplace.
nice app very useful...it's always help me to buy something, ..nice..keep it up dude...
The best online shop, complete, easy to transaction and many choices.
16 Juli 2019, Bapak Presiden Joko Widodo menang untuk yang kedua kali, maka saya kembali meng "INSTALL BUKALAPAK" karena saya perduli dengan karya anak bangsa, July 16, 2019, Mr. President Joko Widodo won the second time, so i decided to re "INSTALL BUKALAPAK" it's because i care for creation of nation.
a very usefull apps for e commerce. easy to use and have many usefull item.
application always stopped at samsung s7 edge, please fix it!!.
Bukalapak is the best amongst many marketplace app. easy to use and many bonuses. ilike it very much..
Online seller put good picture for bad stuff. I like this apps due to bukareksa. Thank you..
As far this app is excellent but sometimes in this app I can not find product that is in other marketplaces as well..
Rekomended online shop..
easy way to find everything that i need. very statisfied with bukalapak's team service..
Super convenient app that helps me pay my bills and even make investments..
It's easy to use and Bukalapak has many option on shipment and payment methods.
Still learning jow to optimize this apps. So far the apps user friendly and helpful..
Buka lapak now is more better than before, fast respon to confirm success payment with virtual account.
Benar kalau orang-orang bilang Bukalapak aplikasi buat cowok, simple and straight to the point. Favorite e-commerce and online marketplace app..
Easy to use....and many reference to looking for something.
After upgrade to android 10, the app crash!!.
Great app for daily need. Keep the the good the works..
This apps so cool, help me getting everything with the best sorted, the customer service is good too, u want to be a loyal customer in BukaLapak.... Holly BukaLapak... 😄.
Can't search item.. always restarting app every 2 second.
its very good app, very easy transaction, simple and thanks.
My Favourite e-commerce App. keep up the good work..
So far so good. It is easy and friendly. Saving much time, energy, and money..
Nice apps for shopping.. Many products sell and varoius services here to easy your daily needs...
was wondering why today i can't print my invoice?? can you guys fix this! thanks.
New Release cannot running in Android Version 5..automatic closed.
Simple, fast, easy interface, nice.
Good shopping app to find what you need..
Great and very helpful Customer Service. Fast response. Quick refund process. Delivery tracking system, both on app and via email, is commendable and much appreciated. Thank you for everything Bukalapak. Keep up the good work!.
the most user friendly marketplace for me. easy access. best lay out..
Very helpfully when i need something... I loved it very much.
The apps is really user-friendly. And the service is good. Keep it up.
Ask your programmers to create a better app ! So many bugs both on the website and the app !.
Many choices of verified merchant with instant comparison..
its so easy to buy anything and everything!.
Excellent, easy to use and friendly user.
The BukaReksa feature is better than Bareksa, but generally this app have more bugs.
One stop online shopping solution.
I used Samsung Galaxy Note 3 with OS Lolipop 5.0, but i can't run all features normally.
It's so helpful and simplifying some needs urgently like balancing, token etc.
easy to use. very friendly interface.
good app. need to make easier process for retour goods.
The application is very easy to shop online and most importantly is safe for shopping.
nice application, fast respond prompt delivery..
very usefull and helping me to find all i search and needed.
after updating latest software, it start to have problem restarting.
Great application, good user interface 👍🏻.
nice and very helpful application but some of fitur need to be added.
Simple and usefully applications for sell and shop.
Good feature e.g samsat online payment.
Really bad apps, pay for goods worth Rp.1.000.000,00 + and the transaction got canceled. I dont receive the money back. This app will cheat you of your money.
It's really good application for online shopping. Thanks.
very helpful, complete app, keep up the good work team..
It runs smoothly now, and many promo. Good progress!.
good apps, easy to use and get what we want.
Easy application for great shopping experience. Secured transaction protects customers trusted.
What's going on daily gift box crash n restart by itself, dana disappear, maudikode unaccesable???????.
My all-time favorite e-commerce! Thanks for providing Bank Syariah Mandiri as a payment method. My life gets so much easier😂.
Easy to use, bundle of choices, reliable..
Great shopping experiences Many options.. many item.. many shops.
excellent and awesome app. feeling secure to do business in this app.
They dont take our complaints seriously.. just asking us to keep waiting 1x24 hr without any reply for 5 days.. contacting through email never got any reply.. contacting through chat always got the same default reply without any clarity.. contacting through phone 10 times never got an answer, always busy and get disconnected, consume my time to only hearing ridiculous phone answering machine for 20s each call.. After all these efforts, the reason why my transaction is cancelled not clear, asking refund takes forever.. dont know till when i need to wait.. really really disappointed.
easy to use and lots of options from the sellers.
Can't connect it's just buffer all the time though I have good connection here.
easy to use shopping apps. keep improve :).
Not good service and not sensitive.
After update lastes version,the apps is lag and force close suddenly.
Good app.. Full features for investing, shopping etc.
I really dont like pop up/dialogue screen yg maksa... di pencet back tapi gak keluar2... i am giving 1 star... kalo gak dirubah... gw uninstall.
Good apps and easy to use. Very helpful....
for the latest version there are still many bugs.
Good app... very helpfull.. trust me BL can be stronger and bigger than any OS App.
Got 'Spin and Win notification'. When I click the link I got warning that apps should be updated for 'spin & win', but on playstore no update is available. Shall I reinstall the apps for 'spin and win'?.
App is bad, laggy, buggy, crash often. I suggest other market place.
Its easy, cheaper, and record documentations are saved on BL cloud.
So helpful, with bukalapak everything goes as we want it !.
Good and useful apps for alternative shopping with online support.
saya suka user experiencenya. user interfacenya jg ga kaku..
Very nice app, have a good service and secure delivery service...
Bukalapak is doing its best to provide reliable, secure, easy and fast e-commerce transactions. It is good to browse around, looking at interesting products. The transaction, the payment and service quality is getting better..
Good marketplace with easy and complete payment gateway.
Great marketplace apps, helpfully to find the needs that we want.
Good App for buy and sell things, secure and developed system.
Amazing shopping online. I love the free ongkir each shopping in bukalapak. Pls keeping like that..
Nice app for shopping.
Mudah, aplikasi cepat, friendly user interface. Good job!.
Bukalapak sucks. I wasn't using their system for almost a year and when i started to using it again, they decided to welcome me with five (5) negative feedback. All because I wasn't hooked on your system in the first place. And later, they temporarily suspended my account. So I filed a complain via email and they lift the ban on my account. That was months ago. And, suddenly, without any news, bukalapak send me another automated mail that says my account has been suspended PERMANENTLY. I was only using my account as usual. (Browse, actually buying stuff, etc) This frustrate me so much that I wish I could de-register myself from this damned site..
I always look for goods here, trustworthy online shop, you could find any goods here, you could search based on ratings, location, even courrier.. beside, now they have bukamall feature where you could find 100% original brand store and goods...
Best app for shopping and daily transactions!.
Great app, great seller, great price. Bravo Bulalapak!.
Overall satisfying but there bug which make my phone force close the app please fix it.
no response activation sms code, boring to waiting almost 3 times redo.
This app cannot be open always show no connection even there are internet.
Fast responses. Security is excellent..
Superior payment method. No bank account registration and post-transfer waiting bullshittery..
Nice app for shopping.
i've upgrade app last version, still not worked, i can't buy ticket BUS.
The more we updated this apps, the more slow the speed conection of this apps.
easy to use and friendly interface.
Friendly user interface, easy and usefull app.
very good app! Recomended for all Hipster and Techno Hips!.
Great user experience such as nego featured that really entertain buyer. Keep up the good work!.
easy to use. support our local product and app.
Bukalapak is more than what we expecting...Great and Competitive Business Application. Should have this App in Your Hands..
the best for sale product promote and the best application for shopping items.
Nice book condition, fast shiping, cheaper, good packing.....
easy to use, lots of cashback. so profitable.
great app, but please, just please less sending me email.. keep poppin up.. would give 5 stars if you not keep sending me email.. once or twice in few weeks just enought to sell your app and goods. thx.
nice, easy use and so many recommended seller..
Good application for providing your every needs through online shopping.
easy to use, and the official store is various.
So helpful n easy to use.... Cash back awaiting n many discount, free ongkir, etc....
the app actualy was very good, the bad thing is courier tariff that is little bit expensive IDR 2 to 3 thousand higher than youre market place competitors. don't show youre stupidity by asking back which couriers are, lol..
Very easy to use and find good stuff in it.